"The Mayor And The Crook" lyrics
"The Mayor And The Crook"
No more pencils no more books
I built the city out one brick
I had a mayor and a crook
I made the crook stab the mayor then slay himself in the guilt
I stole the brick back and migrated east, now let's build
Every tenderfoot cadet better they be slit-throat percentages
Chicken penmanship tied the thirteenth knot (Hangman)
I arrange panoramics of a plastic catalogue
And where wild dogs sing tailor-made lullabies tried by my offspring
I'll bring the butterflies and he can bring the centipedes
And she'll bring the cadavers set em' free and let em' feed
The devil tree penciled me in but I slept thick through my alarm sock
Slick Willy hid in the barn while farmer charmed the crops
And I'm a warden
My tongue is full of glass
Because I promised my friend I'd chew up the bottle
If he truly drank the poison
I'm alienating the mating man to the high ride, base tied
Face mine's and make God clones
We can manufacture medicine
Cut into 5-digit slide clock the essentials in (I'll be a bill collector)
My destinies resting with red worms chewin" off the carcass anyway
Let me slay artists for tips in the penny tray
By the way if that diamond ring don't shine
That's cause I bought it at the five-and-dime but don't neglect the sentiment
I'll pedal my tricycle through the f-5 logistics of a twister
Soaked in the religions of a nit-picker
[Chorus]
If I botched the operation I apologize (sorry)
The air's rooted in carbon
I'm but a mortal archer parked in amber waves of starlets
I'm fresh out of Geppeddo's woodwork asylum
Cedar frame, wire-bound knuckles
Let a tug of the puppeteer steer my hustle
Well when a page becomes a squire, re-engage, clap your wings
When a noble's demoted hope it don't sucker-punch the colony
But when the catapult releases lease your claims behind the bunker
And fasten stinger pageant results to the public eye (glory hunter)
Is it genuine enough to feel baby felon
Negotiate comradery of wills
Hows this my little loom
Perv surgeon with dirty dominion monitor boxes
Hovering inches 'bove pertinent urchin toxins
Now y'all ain't excused from table side
Till the dinner plates fly
Slurping' liquid happy citzen enhancer
I got this slicky sycamore head shaker
Mimic stitch and splinter entry
Thereby filtering citizens hit-man prior to acts descending (tight)
Cats know the ambiance calm beyond comparison
Captive, passive spring loaded serenity
I'm trying to give this city acupuncture
Shovin one-way pins in subway systems
Stand up where I'm layin, now that a runway vic (push)
Made you go batty, spreading spawn legitimate
Spice the bishop, sever the ties, splinter the kinship
See every now and again I love life but hate to admit it
Cause it spreads the jinx on a sleeping cynic
[Chorus]
I'm quadruple six plus scruples category mayhem stems
So one overlooked the scene including loopholes
When Christ studies the return ramifications
I'll burn the campus to impress him
Then rock like medusa glances
You ran the final mile before the blanks blow
Home alone sippin beetle juice
Just to numb and then shimmy the needles loose
I built a castle out of fifty-two cards
Plus jokers with an image
Modern theory jars us while remaining harnessed to the vintage
I'm mad at how far this is dishonoring Occam's Razor
But it seemed so being fatigued knuckle work (labor)
I've patched the little leakage in the shell around my greed
In case Tommy Turbulence located the matrix then impedes
...
album:
"Float"
(2000)
"Troubled Waters" lyrics
"Troubled Waters"
You replicas overlooking the guidelines of acoustics
Miserable attempts result in miserable conclusions
Paragon pen dragon tactician on freeform
Then a comfortable silence try to combat cliques
That unexpected Sephotus cyclone shifts
Worked up you're shooken, jetted to the side
I stagger this vagabond wondering menstrual forms of phobia
Worst fear the terrace stricken muted
The roots of all evil I've rooted pinnacle
Poised with pride pouncing to break your stride, forsaken
Agony rides inside the heartache wretched condition
My intuition felt you slip up
You tripped alone what are you aiming for?
Or do you sus tries to classify your genus, distorted fetus
Evolve, type unsolved, you lack the malediction
Malleable martyrs get molded, then folded under pressure
Thou perceives a slaughter suspension
Bridge over troubled water drown, sound study intensive
My square drops two erasing lines like tetris
Relentless agent hush horrendous circles on my pavement
Two sticks to burn basics the lie adjacent to my placement
On the game board, lunge forward and wind-up impaled by the same sword
Choose your weapon, stains splattered upon your flag
Taturag shielding the exterior inferior
Stall face to face with a forms that force your downfall
Admittedly suspicious, a decadence, your network's on hiatus
Permanent, provoked and choked upon the potency
The parrow be the penetrating agent pierce the insides
Why the cold sweats at midnight? Why the dim light?
Why are we staring at a true from the inside?
Why the pen slide with vigor on a put down?
Like while I put my foot down stomp your city
A-E-S-O-P scoping through the bur, opening minds behind the smirks
I've seen misery, I've seen disgust dust ridden ruins
Iron clad oracle test three COM unit disperse silently
Over confidence leads to irony
Plot twist full hardy Icarus shifted in facets of my form
Forbidden aspects of the swarm a thorn upon your side
A storm upon the rise, Adam, I or crush come brush upon the red zone
Crook you're shook you started poorly
Your powers parted pace uncharted territory
Disoriented malicious god you'll burn your bridges
This craft requires first drafts
Graphs, gritted blueprints of nemesis perimeter
Hunting by night compute, twenty one mic salute
One life polluted, concerned muffle moans
From the nine rings of Donnie's hell burn you in your slumber
Sleepwalk then pulled under now
Whipping through the willows is the warden of this garden
Slipping through the silhouetted skylines Aesop sidewinds jaded
Don't wind up war painted into the jungle the solution's not intrusion
The starving institution broke your main frame
I pose the question, are these waiting games worth it or worthless?
While I comb the crowd for clues your nyebony hands be my purpose
Our planet is the pivotal point
In which this network slowly turns to filter kicks
We out-box the berserk bewildered by the wilderness
My clench is frantic clutch manners falling through underbrush
Touch fools that duel with a dominant
The evil-minded tried to triple six me but he missed me
Intervene; emcees appear as red blips on my color radar screen
album:
"Music For Earthworms"
(1997)
"Citronella" lyrics
"Citronella"
[Intro:]
I stood before the glittery borders of new radius
In search of the fabled city of mud and crushed velvet
What I found was a gutter where the love of entertainment
Meets the lust for blood and demerits
[Verse 1:]
Cutters of the pie, throw your summers in the sky
Collar-pop Jolly Roger die, motherfucker, die!
Apache on a ship shape, in Bristol fashion
Snuck a jammy through the red tape and tiptoed past him
Worm teeth grinding feverishly below
As little organic hacksaws eager to feed and grow
So when it's Blackhawk over the glass walk
They surface up through the cash crops
With clippers for your belly-up mascots and never dine alone
Meanwhile, back at sea level, it was home by home zone for zone
Bloom County's homeless riot for home ownership;
I hope you put gas in the motor-home and know the roads
I studied with the finest combs stuck under my thumb
As opposed to the loaded nose who pray Armageddon is numb
And that's unevenly rendered
To those who grew up thinking faith was a surrender of reason, but not a reason to surrender
Catch the Liberty Fires' catalog:
40 torched orchids and citronella for Algernon
Don and Vagabond, alike, repent
This shit should have been, "Beta burns Babylon. The End."
[Chorus:]
And when the radio stars climbed up out of the floors
To murder the medium that shot 'em 30 years before
They said...
(Kill... television! Kill... television! Kill... television!)
(Difficult... isn't it?)
And when the cutters of the pie throw their summers in the sky
No love lost, baby, the future is so bright
(Kill... television! Kill... television! Kill... television!)
(Difficult... isn't it?)
[Verse 2:]
Nothing says "charm" like an armored car
Taking the clone-farm 'tards to the arms bazaar
We were the homemade marker makers born to pour the marsh ink into right guard parts
And march through the gauntlet of car alarms
No harps, no delusions of losing with something prettier
Than ash around the metacarpal still clutching the teddy bears
But we can run with scissors through the city fair
Or situate the nuzzle with the subtle art of splitting hairs!
Double park the shuttle, some will arc the funneled cutty sark
Where budding narcs target the gushing heart in the muddy Clarks
These are the vices of the p-noid bastards
Who will chew whatever tablets blur the axioms fastest
But crews lose lunches by the hundreds
Lose electricity, lose gas, phone, plumbing
Humming, "Keep your mouth closed. Keep your cows cloned. Go!"
"I am the pulse of this fucking town, homes, no!"
My, what a convenient embargo
At least I'll always know which side of the gun I'm supposed to buy the farm from
The too-far-gone kicks, still in the box
Fix, still in the pill in his sock
Chilling, gill in the slop, and a million watch Gideon scribes
But once the arc honor pussy and bribes, the animals will divide
And that's a win for the garish who keep charity in the parish
While profiting off the lack of a marriage (amongst the classes.)
[Chorus:]
And when the radio stars climbed up out of the floors
To murder the medium that shot 'em 30 years before
They said...
(Kill... television! Kill... television! Kill... television!)
(Difficult... isn't it?)
And when the cutters of the pie throw their summers in the sky
No love lost baby, the future is so bright
(Kill... television! Kill... television! Kill... television!)
(Difficult... isn't it?)
[Verse 3:]
The mobile infantry is so postal
Coast into the quotient provoking the local Pistol Pete
Choking his liberty and justice quotas and cloaking his folk in smithereens;
Smokey little pile of bloody pulp and co-dependencies
Dopey, no surrender, bender in effect
Sole defenders of the longest night New York had never slept
And there were jumping jacks and whistlers over Christmas
Like Rockets From The Crypt spilling the festive morning beverage of your preference
I step in Hog Heaven, stony, with no weapons
Pissing on teleprompters, selling megaphones to hecklers
Who broadcast 80 million versions of the sermon
For that one indisputable masterpiece before the curtains
Pale, Arcadian moon, high-definition, flat plasma
IMAX, city-wide transfer
Artificial Einstein-Rosen out the tenement
Ease into the "Xanadu", let it hammer the tension out
I'm talking cool, calm, dominant phenomenal
Monitor face to the wall opposite
U.F.O.'s and locusts sing the same old song
While the Weathermen get retarded as the day is long
[Chorus:]
And when the radio stars climbed up out of the floors
To murder the medium that shot 'em 30 years before
They said...
(Kill... television! Kill... television! Kill... television!)
(Difficult... isn't it?)
And when the cutters of the pie throw their summers in the sky
No love lost baby, the future is so bright
(Kill... television! Kill... television! Kill... television!)
(Difficult... isn't it?)
album:
"None Shall Pass"
(2007)
"Saturn Missiles" lyrics
"Saturn Missiles"
If you step on the lawn I keep the foot
Peep, in the pot go 6 degrees of cooked geese
Boiling, blitz the beach of mushed peas
Over 10 meat hooks with a blister each
I'm all pincher, fever-y hoodie on, hoodie off
Sweat thru his E.T. sheets to the worry dolls
Never met a quiet storm that didn't grow into a choir of colliding horns that go click click clack
In territorial syntax
Sitting on the porch with his lids pinned back
Pinball wiz in a thimble of sims
I'm a symbol of whimsy abridged
Kiss me I'm dead, nursing a mystery Dayquil
Led Zep staring daggers down page mill
How pray tell do he sit pretty when the ol' 1 2 unglue in a tizzy
Please hold for the don't play dull boy
Click, I am not a page or a pull toy
Came in the door and the floor is lava
Killjoy if your core more Norman Rockwell
Born home sick for an invisible address
Bat shit, bumble and bat around catnip
One black heart Katamari massive
Packed in a fat category 5 rat nest
Nose on his sleeve, holes in his inner peace
Robot phone like a tentacle of flippancy
Hate you, hate you more, no I hate you infinity
And Pangaea break into smithereens
Interlude prest-o change-o
If it move to quick oh whey oh
Right brain go white train Ramo
Mustache any old Money, "no!"
Merrily merrily merrily merrily
In a cobweb tomb on a hotbed of heresy
Frog men schooled by the god Ed Emberly
Pull dog sleds and exhume Dead Kennedys
Bet, moth into kerosene awful
A caution to straw men lost on vaudeville
A-morally mixing business with 144 dixie whistlers
Lawn chair, strong man twisted whiskers
NASCAR Bic in his missing fingers
Outcast from a system of kiss-the-ring-ers
Are you privy to the misadventures
It's electric, meeting in the middle of the street
With a lethally modified piccolo pete
There is admittedly an incredible mystique
To meddling in the reason a city won't sleep
48 strings of 12
That ring ring ring, whiz bang, jingle bells
And melt bootleg G.I. Joes to black taffy, classic
Fire in the hole backdrafting
Fold wild life out of the wolf pack wrapping
Full moon, bad knee, wool hat, caffeine
TNT plunger in all caps ACME
Blast off half the whole damn mapscreen
No sling no spear
I'm a patchwork of 86'd springs and gears
Who been stung by an un-linked pinky swear
During his what-in-the-fuck-was-I-thinking years
Maybe an awkward phase
Like his acne and sophomore fade
Played, calling all out-of-work action figures
It was death by saturn missiles.
album:
"Skelethon"
(2012)
"None Shall Pass" lyrics
"None Shall Pass"
[Verse 1:]
Flash that buttery, gold
Jittery, zeitgeist, wither by the watering hole
What a patrol...
What are we to Heart Huckabee?
Art fuckery, suddenly?
Not enough young in his lung for the waterwings?
Colorfully vulgar poacher, out of mulch
Like, "I'm a pull the pulse out a soldier and bolt."
(Fine...)
Sign of the time we elapse
When a primate climb up a spine and attach
Eye for an eye by the bog life swamps and vines
They get a rise out of frogs and flies
So when a dogfight's hog-tied prize sort of costs a life
The mouths water on a fork and knife
And the allure isn't right
No score on a war-torn beach
Where the cash cow's actually beef
Blood turns wine when it leak for police
Like, "That's not a riot it's a feast. Let's eat!"
[Chorus:]
And I will remember your name and face
On the day you are judged by "The Funhouse" cast
And I will rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like, "None shall pass."
[Verse 2:]
Now if you never had a day a snow cone couldn't fix
You wouldn't relate to the rogue vocoder blitz
How he spoke through a NoDoz motor on the fritz
'Cause he wouldn't play rollover fetch like a bitch
And express no regrets, though he isn't worth a homeowner's piss
To the jokers who pose by the glitz
(Fine...)
Sign of the swine in the swarm
When a king is a whore who comply and conform
Miles outside of the eye of the storm
With a siphon to lure out a prize and award
While avoiding the vile and bizarre that is violence and war
True blue triumph is more!
Like, "Wait, let him snake up out of the centerfold."
"Let it break the walls of Jericho."
"Ready? Go!"
Sat where the old, cardboard city folk
Swap tales with heads like every other penny throw
[Chorus:]
And I will remember your name and face
On the day you are judged by "The Funhouse" cast
And I will rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like, "None shall pass."
[Verse 3:]
Okay, woke to a grocery list
Goes like this:
Duty and death
Anyone object, come stand in the way
You could be my little Snake River Canyon today
And I ran with a chain of commands
And a jet pack strapped where the backstab lands if it can
(Fine...)
Sign of the vibe in the crowd
When I cut a belly open to find what climb out
That's quite a bit of gusto he muster up
To make a dark horse rush like, "Enough's enough!"
It must've... struck a nerve so they huff and puff
Till all the king's men fluster and clusterfuck
And it's a beautiful thing
To my people who keep an impressive wingspan even when the cubicle shrink
You got to pull up the intruder by the root of the weed
NY chew through the machine...
[Chorus:]
And I will remember your name and face
On the day you are judged by "The Funhouse" cast
And I will rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like, "None shall pass."
album:
"None Shall Pass"
(2007)
"Dokken Rules" lyrics
"Dokken Rules"
[Aesop Rock:]
I spell 666 star 6 9 click
Give his telephone viking funeral, bye bitch
Treble hook, two birds, cheap thrills, free meal
Vacate jelly stone park witcha brie wheel
[Rob Sonic:]
[?]
Half his life was likely to be Nikes on the L-train
Gnawin' on his dog toy, pocket full of deer blood
The only thing that's stoppin' him was Dokken in his ear buds
[Aesop Rock:]
Up around noon
Found everything he loved crushed down to a cube
The New Kowloon chowline, two leads
[?]
routing medicine and gruel
One is hemorrhaging money, the other jettisoning fuel
Identical water separated pools
It was clever
But it wasn't ever neighborhood degenerate approved
In swooped jukebox Fonzi, probably
Bolts on his neck one tubesock wonky
[Rob Sonic:]
16 panel head mutton chop and ambulax
Double pits to chesty got the espy on a camels back
Handle that huffy wit' a timely parry
And get all up in your kitchen, money, Guy Fieri
There is a wildly elusive moment of bliss
In the spaces between being told you are shit
I would openly suggest identifying the closest
And collectivly agreeing to meet if the sky opens
Ma'am?
[x16]
Id like to speak to a supervisor
[Rob Sonic:]
Back alley brawl over party guests who want a
Steak tartare but we're hardly pet food
Charlie check booth, brody's right
Youre gonna need a bigger boat and a holy dive
[Aesop Rock:]
Aggravated people driving lemons over limits
With a neck bop stemming and a cartoon physics
Smart move taught never broadcast holes in his armor
End up another poached foriegner
[Rob Sonic:]
Handcuffed down to a toothless tease
Who got an X-marked mouth and a hooch machine
With eyes that tell the story of the woods that fetter
And a chest that sells the ending when it's pushed together
Been through the desert on a horse that nameless
Now I'm driving through the city in the Porsche naked
Shores invaded by the new marines
That tear the roof off this mother like Beauford T
[Aesop Rock:]
Untrained pet with a pen name
Chest pain, bet he outlive his own endgame, anyway
Step around the rhythm of the red rain
Get away, car horn, stand by, tenth frame
[Rob Sonic:]
Spare me the dramatics to ratchets, smile purdy (pretty)
Flashlight strapped to the calf of a wild turkey
Package of mild jerky, captain to aisle 30
Theres a man with a mask an an app that can dial Fergie
Sir?
[x16]
I'd like to speak to a supervisor
album:
"Skelethon"
(2012)
"How To Be A Carpenter" lyrics
"How To Be A Carpenter"
So you want to be a carpenter, do you?
Well it takes more than a hammer, boy, you're gonna need blueprints and a will to build, and...
Straighten your cap! you look like you've been through a war.
Wipe that grin off your mug, you got a sturdy frame?
Sluggish posture just won't cut it.
You're gonna need schooling, and, and, and take notes!
And god if I catch you yawning again you're gonna regret ever asking for my help,
And dammit you gotta hustle, this is a slacker-free zone
And, where's my pencil? go get your hard-hat,
here's a nickel, go get us a ruler and a saw and a drill and lots of graph paper...
[Verse 1]
Yo
I used to have a rope ladder but tattered were the rungs,
I strung it from the highest willow, trying to hug the sun.
The seventh level buckled and I tumbled from the summit,
Now I'm back to re-climb and this time light my cigarette from it.
My stitchin division to vision warfares numb enough to soak suddenly in a bullet bath
and skip stones in the morning as I,
Lie in color phantom tantrum explicable, sit and pull the petals off wild flower patches,
Magic happens!
Behold, pity the lowlife parish.
Doom City barracks left remorse coursed on a horse-drawn carriage by the torch of Polaris
To the Badlands, where every bridge collapse right where the crowd stands,
Where the witches are fireproof and every preacher's a madman.
Frigid be the appleseed demeanor towards the bay where the landshark Parliament swims
When they pause to polish they fins.
The better brains will preach the village through the city square
to the light, heavy and middle-weight integrate,
Slept with sticks and stones in my pillowcase.
Ooh  my bomb's light simulator picks barnacles off the tugboat belly
Left my spirit home in a shoebox in case I die.
Got a rugged smoke-green halo floatin' inches off the swamp,
Had that phase when the devil tree contacts a sparkle in my eye.
Now step back from the reservoir and let the settlers drink,
Salvage all priorities and iron out all kinks.
My house ain't made of bricks and straw but never has it crumbled,
Cuz I stitched the brain's rigidity with symmetry,
Come visit me,
It's fascinating.
Now here's how its done, I'm only gonna show you once,
So pay close attention, hear me now or hear me never,
Glue your little eyes to the diagram,
See the plywood, the nails, the glue?  You work every inch,
Your domain and you must treat it well.
Keep it clean or it'll swallow you whole.
Where's the T-square, hand me the pliers,
now dammit, oh this will never do!
You have to want the castle, Head Up, shoulders back!
Be the materials, know your limits only to break your limits.
Are you listening? God dammit boy, pay attention!
Try it again. Little bit more juice this time.
Try it again. Yeah a little bit more elbow grease this time.
Try it again. Concentrate, a little more focus this time.
You can kick and scream and yell but damn I'm only tryin' to help.
Try it again. You're not doing it right, here now, yall watch.
Try it again. Stop sulking, I'm the example, for real, Watch.
Try it again. I'm bout to make it easy for you yall, just Watch.
You can kick and scream and yell but damn I'm only tryin' to help.
[Verse 2]
[?]
stinging the hunt
The hunt dispatched a pack of wild dog silhouettes,
All sulking by the skyline, focused with a bonus hunger pain,
My sincere addiction imbalance stems from a vintage grimace slap to the mug of
Ancestral branch camped on the vessels.
Yes and I abide, the laws of the hidden desert survived,
And every peasant presenteed it on the crescent less deprived.
With the exception of pleasant finale binges on the great endangered interests
of phantom brigades slaving to save that princess.
I double the negative, to no avail, no promised benefits,
just delegates peddling pairs of negatives,
With magnified magnanimous appearance sandy sinners in opinion shut.
Now what of the madness fragments?  Stagnant.
I oughta make a vision sing my twix cling to your pigeon wings,
Vision militia indent benders, we've flooded Hell's kitchen sink,
Walkin' eye civility simpleton citizen mixers to kiss the sky in unison
Sinister city-blistered corporate rule-igans.
All I really want's a nickel to feed my little pigs.
[?]
Big Dick three cheers to the product.
Consumer populace feed but never dreamed of the process
When a slanted advantage point sort of makeshift criminals date rape the hostage,
Dream away the blame pain, yeah but it seeps through the cracks,
And drips from the ceiling and smells the rich scent of my tracks.
All I ever really wanted was a jungle, and a jungle I got,
See it ain't the vision it's the plot that makes me stop.
Try it again. I don't want to.
Try it one more time.
I'm not even interested anymore.
album:
"Float"
(2000)
"Same Space" lyrics
"Same Space"
Killaz reflect the destiny of the village
So when 20 count regrets float down futility spillage
See I'll pass the broken arrow this time for certain
Yea but from here on out its hoof the mare the bare footed urchin
Dig it in person
Now exhibit true audacity and passively hack grease into ribbons
Your excused from the roundtable admissions committee
Activist legends turned hostage in fallen cities
Dirty earthlings circling vision immaculate
Spin me dizzy in a crosswalk
My too far gone mastodon senses inspect relentless
For fitted boogie systems and crook addictions
Well sure my crown is formed of thorns
Yea but my thorns are formed of sound
And I have found sound will keep me warm
When the mornings born with frozen ground
Put a rope down pull me from where the buzzards cleared
I mean from the bones you and your little badass mad max musketeers
When the silhoettes of emaciated frames dance on a highwire
Mistook for aspiring third world poster children
But is inserted ghost with dealin
Dead to administer links like chief then whats your forte
Devil dragger in disguise seeking the match made in your eyes
Friend it don't take the wise this minute triplicate pace unified
I don't condone the blasphemy naturally its procreation
From the floods, to the fires, to the droughts, to the cyclones
Tidal waves, the twisters, tornadoes, and hell stones
Whirlwinds, tropical storms, blizzards and monsoons
All of which I witnessed prior to waking up inside my room
Look at the crook as I panic episode tantrums
Fuck hugging my cool
The edginess readies the mock knock quick draw hence the duel
The company of similars couldn't excite the motor
But hermit crab Ace home alone-uh
One barrel of idioms and charcoal stick, courage under desire
Canopy draped beautiful messiah reluctant
Stuck in the pluck in the haul buzzing the fuzzing televison mixer
Book of saturated matches and a half-made bed
Pick of the litter, litter of the pick
Pack leader will huff cannibal fumes, mechanical zoom
There's ample room
Stowaways inside the cargo bed
Said leech prior to firing up his barnacle magnet
Instincts leashing himself to where the wind splitting ice storms
And termite swarms are commonplace
I'm a trace this silver lining winding round the profit chase
I know there is good in you if one peels back the opulence
But I also know its ratio the bad don't feed my confidence
The nutrients will be intense circle
The clues units of success being personal
Then sucked basic diversion
Rusty anchor budget for nothing
Wedged between aesop rock and a scarred face of frustrated fuck yous Bound by concern
I can't believe I'm still concerned
I can't believe side children turn in their sleep over one-liners
Well I yield to hear your burns
Color me out of my skull draggin a wagon of creature features
And all I ever wanted was to aggravate the sleepers
Look self-crafted heroics murder worthless
Crash test ideologies, catalog alien doctrines type disturbance
Got em out, killing machines turn belly up
Buckled, the troubles I've seen
Coax twenty four sevens of wide eyes from day dreamers
Clean or dirty serpents in turn wish preference for the latter
Justified the germs burn cauterize the gashes after
On my left, one finger for each burrough I can touch
On my right, one finger for each time that I wake up midsummer night
Who's cloaked in a pristine mantle of hellfire
But A-capital glaciers out the east slide lateral
Born for one task indeed
To spoil the citizen kane emote self this ugly duckling seed
Look I aint too attired of draggin the baggage over the seasaw seeds
When the reapers turns mortals to caspers
See the plain and stone conjurable can't mimmick the null
Of a billion troops holding matchsticks to empty cannons
Stand of a many moons when the sun hit the mountainside splendidly
Bask in the last warmth that be known to man's tangents
In the wink of an innocent starchild's eyelid drop he vanished
Managed to carve initials in the granite wall the damned it all up
I hung with cats that do the donts
Cats that forage through the moats
Hoping they open with soveriegnty and a cantine deemed with prodigies
I love the wake, the watch, the walk, the work
The well its almost six o'clock
I've never seen so many tugboats miss the dock (watch)
EP:
"Appleseed"
(1999)
"The Tugboat Complex" lyrics
"The Tugboat Complex"
Oh my God
They've got angels sweatin' like Hell, it's
workin' their little halos to the bone combing them deserts
my figure eight knotted
lifeline defined traffic
the way my schoolin' end-less-ly defined every day
one exquisite fitted crisis rivets an octagon of red
to the ceiling above my bed
it's not a conversation piece, like public spectacles
unleashed more of a clue
so when I wake up to the rains I'll be one step ahead of you
I slide like Kodakrome
[?]
wrote a poem for every planet
tracked their mileage from the sun in an envelope
licked it, stamped it
got eight thank yous in the mail, but nine planets means there's one left
only the earth would thank me later with a breath taking sunset
(man, I'm just a bum)
zip that waterfall around your skeleton
tell it to boil
loyalties, the shovel in the soil
dig it, I split my lip kissing the winter
nursed the blister in the sun
strung a hammock between spring and where the willows turn to blood
might of worked
sip a little, litter it, love it
without big beetles trying to sell him sunflower seeds by the bucket
might of, tugboat for the boxcutter above those ashes
without hot air balloons floatin' their four passenger baskets
and I'm asking you
to let a captive lacerate a caption
splash out massive
apolster plastic glasses with famine patches
i-dentify all saints linked around the fountain's warmth
and for a second taste of pain when removing that crown of thorns
[?]
born hostile, pacifist huddled in subtle masochist
stamp the blame on
[?]
my fire escape overlooks ghost town market place
artists bought out passes
then fast themselves to the target's face
you're killin' me
if I had a hammer, I'd build a city on stilts
so my feet would stay dry when God's wine glass tilts
if I had a shovel, I'd dig a hole in the dirt
and I'll be hiding when his drunken stupor lands upon earth
and if your little wing is broken
I'll see the poacher in hell
I can't afford another
[?]
in a cell
my carousel mimics the interests of a thousand leaking spickets
and a colony of graziers raised to justify the grimace
(and yes I read the treaty)
I prescribe the remedy plus the premises
my pin cushion, my limbs pushin' the knitting needle
evils, idle, peddle past the greeting
where the sleepers feed the cycles
stop, watch the eagles board the little engine that could not
ghost in a shell
and it fell in my lap
passin', postin' the bail but the guard has misplaced the key ring (that's wonderful)
I lead a flee to blaze exact songs directly into the village
power supply burning the bridge between the magnet and my eye
now how many cadavers satisfy a mad man?
and how many crooked samaritans turn plesantville to bad land?
I can count my own dusty nickels with you laughing
about you'll turn my poor ass ebony and navy with cane lashings
(well, you're right)
grip your pointed stick, incite your riot
I'll sell your worth in a bottle at profit, explain my bias
atomic box cult, downward spiral rapidly
cast to hell with hate mail, forged Christ's autograph
laughed itself, drastic catastrophe
biting my lip
skin and bones, stringent
bingin' on rancid baits
mummified well inside a muddy New York minute was it
your remnants my smoke rings have cocooned prior to fading?
well, it wasn't conscious spite but it might have been that
I am not your friend anymore
my arrow head dissertation
[?]
when narrow bed sleepers occupy the basement
and I am not your friend anymore
come the dawning of
[?]
in your pity blend that whispers in the wind
man, if it were only that simple
I'd add a guilt frame to
[?]
I'd board myself inside my room to trace the wilting contour
one petal falls to the rug, she loves me not
town crier lugging a boom box with spirit plugs
and a red radio flyer
tied to irony like twenty burning igloos with a sailors knot
fiddler crabs build sandcastles while high tide off azalea crops
in the icicle field I portray, cats get antsy
and ask 'why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?'
why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?
why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?
why if every light is dark do I continue dancing?
well if it ain't finally a question that's worth answering
I boogie for the raindrops
for the purity, the anger
for my childhood recollections
for the comic book in my heart
the mocked intentions
the clarity, passion, seclusion
those cool summer nights
for the mark emerging across the street selling me stog's at half price
for the mights, the maybes, the nauseating pitfall
my girl, my friends
for the fact my window opens towards a brick wall
for the three legged dog I saw dragged on a leash
for the homeless man who walks my block in rainstorms with plastic bags on his feet
see I throw away the tenders over one shoulder
and walk across broken glass
through every wicked world to kiss tomorrow's morning
not for nothing
you'll drown in a pool of your crooked morals
whispering 'maybe Aesop Rock was on to something'
maybe, no promises
"Kill The Messenger" lyrics
"Kill The Messenger"
[Spoken]
Hey stupid, you're listening to Bazooka tooth, dental cannons, molar pistols; shit like that.
This is Murs, motherfucker, this is Aesop Rock, Ace Rizzle.
Ya know what I'm saying? Check it out, like, Living Legends, Def Jux, if you don't know, now you're informed.
Be better prepared for the next time this type of shit goes down.
'Cause when it's happening and you're unaware you look like a complete asshole.
(Fastest motherfucker touching down on kick drums)?
Every leader dead and its making you upset.
La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom
set, set, set...
Every hero dead and its making you forget.
get, get, get.
La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom.
I'm in and out a pig channel serrated by hand feeders.
Army of vicious kidney patrol yam peelers.
They sleep in barns and whisper looney conspiracy secrets.
Increasing payroll to end is blind, while a.w.o.l. went the leaders.
The only mammal officially banned from food chain
For Finishing for over 25 consecutive years on top is aggravating,
Alarmingly, the pulse don't bump right,
and he's up nights bumping over crunk and bug bites.
Who luck like this evening. Stay electric mud blood jockey in for the footing.
My last supper starts with a vinaigrette over pickled muppet hearts while sheep tucked deep in the wood chipper.
For the shepherd was a milk carton in scissors. Clammy hands make henna run on risky Jenga tugs.
They're all sweating, Hell I'm sweatin' too, just ain't nobody sweatin' you!
(Holmes!)
The muck went abacus on labor persperator official biz when auditioning demos by which to live.
No whammies, Stop.
Triple six game never chose me.
Trickery gets hokey.
Pick up stix and ponies.
you've got mail champ: blow me.
Just a trooper with a question mark machine needy
pointed at the heavens like bee gee on some "where the hells my freebie?"
To clamp war stupid.
No land lords or super. no hands.
Water no ice cubes Rubik, no plans.
No motor movement no dance, no pyrotechnics to enhance. no chance
too many grown men calling in sick over cramps
I weigh in heavy on the jaded bitter subtracting the frontal gimmick
I want to solve world hunger and fuck a pinup
I want to find a 21st century carbon crutch worthy of pedestal placement and shitty path walking to touch.
(Fastest motherfucker touching down on kick drums)?
Every leader dead and its making you upset.
La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom
set, set, set...
Every hero dead and its making you forget.
get, get, get.
La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom.
Ain't no time to sit and lift stones
so its left to the dogs to find their way home
and you grew up in a similar generation alone
with fist full of humanoid models along the road
with a frank? in your ancient
fuck if i can find a flesh and bone tour guide to etch me through the makeshift
every little footprints dated and ancient
now Ima step through this motherfucker impatient
for the first time in a long line of dog fights
little Lassy will not be returning home tonight
[?]
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"Blue In The Face" lyrics
"Blue In The Face"
[Aesop Rock:]
Yo, I surf an axiom kicked in a center fold of ugly tenements
Oh distribute sour inhalants regulate lobby developments
Today summon the rug rat oblivious to what's delicate
Tomorrow siphon imperfection out the fetus prior to selling it
There is a brain in the thicket tap circle cupping the port to accord it
Teeter thorn storm plunges more but conformers the pouring's half the entry
Plated pearly gates a chanted axis with high gentry hinging our binging on
Public picket fencing Squirming in terms in conditions of un-satisfact destiny magnet
Where the ebony should of cracked shit ratio tragic
Lose sight suit oh mavericks clash at futility pageants
I post froze in a blaze at a grand combustion
A leader's deception connection wiper with a barn responds his friend
With an eye socket full of needles and a will to die for nothing
And that's glory abide thy crass itinerary barely suitable for common slum cats
And the lemmings will follow you to the blood bath
All aboard that awful train through shames patch where I'd trade my window
Seat for one pane of replacement stain glass, see I bow to the the gods of opacity
I don't mind y'all looking in, it's just watching Sin City steam slips under my skin
And I'm about half way to nausea, half way to contentment
2 halves post made a dance evoked a whole lot of resentment
Build a pen around master dome patriarch close to four peters
Woke to rope cubicles combines with combines suitably ingenious
Let's soak my feet in lake infinity the time vibe strapped to dignity my
Symmetries vivid image still can't mimic the victory comfort is a drug and I'm numb as fuck
Yet some prefer the hum and others tend to suck the life out of the crux like
One, two, three, four, and I'm a tug dummy hug the hungry pull the lever push the button
Drink the garbage split the homage reap the harvest target everyone
Beckon eyes idols that have a malleable colony till the fire ant dropped the
Sweet leaf grief your dreams a needle in a needle stack claiming safety pin physics
Baby tin blizzards collide while ole iron sides trust the rivets
I'm sick of the picker the litter soaking the spot lit when I know they
Know they owe all thanks to the end all Aesop Rock shit watch this
Build me a home; build me a home of brick and wood and everything good
With a front porch where I can jar fire flies by night
And smoke stogs till the day meets twilight
Build me a home, build me a home with a green grass hill with running a water
In a backyard with a sandbox and a garden of foreign flowers
Build me a home with a basement and an attic
Where I can store remnants of the day I once slept in build me a home
No skull is sacred in the races
Locked in a pagan doctrine watching born again faces gamble up patience fail blatant
Ochre and sienna war paintings stain plague community harking as wrapped
It's overlooking out crops
Give you one life to laugh at catalog bliss on
The least common attachment ten seconds of glittering silence
Pilot is flight redefine stagnant
Most emotions host an entire lesson
Congressional less one stone merely for the exceptional spectacle now
Listen the pause heed tall falls the voidance of the suit dispersed
Await a straightened arrows a perfect circle has been fastened to the
Blimp side buy in my grin and clusters that's better than colony my own
Fathers son is the holy ghost suck that theology I king for a day of
Peasant for a pleasant life blood on the easel and my eagle eyelids
Spots runaway pirates look I despise squatters with a, ohh, cry me a
River a quarter how'd you afford that dog and sour dialogue
I put my hook in the pond I put my worm
In the hook I put my trust in the worm
That he'd bring me something to cook
I felt a tug on my line and I lugged a trash can
On my pole with a note from the worm attached that
Read, "Thanks for nothing asshole! " Simple parables of nature making
Character giddy and riddle me a similar situation mix city quick put
Your honor on the line doors to the monks blood thirsty barracuda
Serpents and report on powers of devil treatment church links I'm a
Fence sitter lips torn by both polars and their working
I can only model throttle at the dream catching matching a patchy holist with a
Sovereignty harbored and charged my hate breed in a minute he's picket
Spitting stitches to fix the britches in the gaps one night I broke in
Bridges give us traps and tried to walk to get stogs just like hop
Scotch between polar caps and I'm, blue in the face when every second is a waste of breath
Making that classic mockery of every step
Oh build me a home, build me a home please with a light in the window and
A red front door and a picket fence and a fire place and a sturdy frame
And we can sit I'll tell you my name build me home...
EP:
"Appleseed"
(1999)
"Zodiaccupuncture" lyrics
"Zodiaccupuncture"
March
The more the merrier
Get a couple or more to carry you to the burial
F-R-E-S-H
Fresh to death and keep it def to the left
Well it was Capricorn, Virgo, Aquarius
(Check!), Cancer, Leo, Sagittarius
(Check!), Pisces, Libra, Scorpio, Aries, Gemini, Taurus
Let 'em die for it
[Aesop Rock:]
Delicate freak show alert the frame
Bash all flags where the mag spin park
Corroded by the volts that jolt the cold vein
Boogie down kits to slip past the guard
Def with a mascot of radical mass
Megaphone fuzz and a woofer on fritz
We are not trained to divert the crash
But march face first with a prayer for the blitz
Stand up for the cinema fire, simian ire
Cold shimmy for the cinnamon sky;
Intimate eyes loop all known alleys
Scoop the bounty like daddy hires Bazooka to murder Ralphie
I curdle with burnt milk, pariah sigh, honor piranha money
Count it with the knuckle that hustle bread out a copper tummy
One of these rebels could level the marked city
But the N.Y. uber alles governor's picky
I'll be the jenky Jesus for the species you bleed with
Ultra, soldier poach the folklore
Jump guns through the ninth gate
Jump guns like a noon six burner lit up on the ninth pace
Even set among a portion conformed to the blind stage,
Never lured by the formal watching imported wines age
We bow to the gusto mustered by the mecha-bot
Plowed by the public, ushered out the letterbox
Wowed by the subject punctured by the helicop
Boy meets vermin: the widescreen version
Headaches, nausea, vomiting, facial paralysis
These area a few of my favorite venomous side effects
Mamba, Water Moc, Pit Viper, Diamond Back,
Anaconda, Boomslang, Cobra, bite 'em back
Spinal tap crabs to the clapper
Aesop Rock is the Cadillac of natural disaster
Push that button
Everybody gotta push something
That's why the envelope is where it wasn't
I work with the builders, whittle my gorilla military
And fizzle 'em through the vigilante filters
Who lamps left of the toggle?
How'd they fit that ninja in a bottle?
A hundred million motherfuckers with they hands out
Verse a walking zipper bomb trying to keep the man down
Get up, get down
Sit up, sit down
It's either fancy footwork or get bit by the hounds
Face up, face down
Laced up, laced down
It's either fist to the sky or get bit by the crowd
Well it was Capricorn, Virgo, Aquarius
(Check!), Cancer, Leo, Sagittarius
(Check!), Pisces, Libra, Scorpio, Aries, Gemini, Taurus
Let 'em die for it
[Aesop Rock]
I was chewing my tongue out of my mouth one day
When the blood in my beard hit the dirt by the blazers
Would have said 'curb it' like any nervous habit
'til maverick told me the coyote pack could smell the wound for acres
And labor to cater fang to fisherman gut critters
Oblivious to the glimmer of innocent duck feathers
Fuck it
Want a carnivore war? Bet
I'll be at the Bronx Zoo with a lock pick kit
On the eject for cockpit bench, helicop clip
Nazi cops on kamikaze belly flop shit
Roger, hop-fence-kill-a-crop, monster
We are the tired and poor, we come for your water
Boom!
Bounce when the church corrupt
When the mayor knuckle dust city worker bugs
When the stars finger babies like I flirt with sluts
You'll see the fire engine red fox ears perk up
Metal kettle unsettling treble howl, settler trembling
Measuring mellow on the levitate off the mezzanine
Never seen a ton of bricks dressing clean dapper
'til it's pin stripe and skull chunk forty stories after
And U.S.A. on a Ketamine disaster
Cane for stress
Crack if the former left you unimpressed
Now pardon me if part of me heart of an oddball, but damn
Kumba-fucking-ya, dog
Terminally alienated and bent awkward by the bought,
Prepped package of the slickest spin-doctors
Raised where the paranoid hide tools proper,
Like suspicious cargo in a high school locker
And it looks like war, quacks like war,
So it's Occam's Razor and I'm swayze out the door
A hundred million motherfuckers hold me back
The hand cannons won't ask 'bout your zodiac, boy
Get up, get down
Sit up, sit down
It's either fancy footwork or get bit by the hounds
Face up, face down
Laced up, laced down
It's either fist to the sky or get bit by the crowd
Well it was Capricorn, Virgo, Aquarius
(Check!), Cancer, Leo, Sagittarius
(Check!), Pisces, Libra, Scorpio, Aries, Gemini, Taurus
Let 'em die for it
EP:
"Fast Cars, Danger, Fire And Knives"
(2005)
"Getaway Car" lyrics
"Getaway Car"
A yo, I send this to all of my corporate
Corpses tryin' to abort the thoughts of coming out wildn'
Dumbin' out time to off the office, I was surely sorta
Twisted, worked at a TV studio, an audio assistant, easy
Do my duty though at times was in a mean mood
Hot I gotta be cool, on the brink of fiend's drool
Glaring at the green room, made a brother the same color
But beyond neon, pushin' me to peon, barkin' at dreams to be gone
Tending to the talent and many they haven't any
Was especially a challenge when he be like goddamit
Can he hear his vocal as he cuffin' it, "How my mic sound?"
Thinkin' on the low it's perfect when he put the mic down
Clown stand steady grillin' wanting subservience
Sound man buryin' thinkin' I'd fuckin' murder them
And I'm steamin' as I'm watchin' duke, leavin' on some hot pursuit
I gotta win as these cats be modelin', what not to do?
6 in the morning and the walls close in
High noon calls and the walls own him
Kings at the ready know the walls won't win
Storms on the harbor like a harbinger of gore
Gore is my harbinger, pardon the art of war
Get your doors darkened by the house of card carpenters
Who never thought a slave could be a sparticus and more
Pencil sharpener with a resume for the carnivores
Who take important conference calls in corner office walls
Still a buck is a buck and he punch numbers five punch
Just say no to company functions and he duck into the dungeons
Nothing says, "Kill it" like a day of fetching
Paper-clips and staplers for the privileged
Two lives one is chores for whores, one is
Where I want to be when you begin regretting yours
And I poured in with a large coffee
Tardy every morning to a man who
Took authority beyond what it was for
How you gonna pay the rent day job free?
Make rap records, matter of fact, thanks, peace
In a hospital gown day off
From being tied down in recreation
Swinging a paddle at mental patients
Raping the competition to smother the pain and sin
So he pounds you out in table tennis like Wang Liqin
Too strange within just to stop demented interactions sleep
And thoughts documented
He's lingering insane paint thinner in his vein
Colors blown out around the doctors finger
In his brain with a needle unable to beat him
In a fetal position he crafted a path to escape his condition
Would cling to the white walls the psych halls in his mind
Soon bled the words he would speak to the world in time
But not before more injections strapped to the bed
Until the psycho-tropics took hold of the rap in his head
When his wrists released he wrote tunes you could snoop through
Day of release said depart from me I never knew you
album:
"None Shall Pass"
(2007)
"Blood Sandwich" lyrics
"Blood Sandwich"
Yup
Steps up to the plate
Little brother, little league
'87 he was 8
Rookie season for the skinny slugger
Newly out of tee-ball
Pit against a pitcher with a ripper you could eat off
Churched then a grump alones runner third first
Granny yelling "Go Cubs!", nose in her word search
See MILFs like apes on a monolithic bleacher, and are advocating war and peace in lieu of sport and leisure
"Hi Peggy"
I was 10, chewing on a sweet tart
Little brother, left-field, Queen's guard
Mean arm, knees bent
2-out, 2 on bags
When I caught him staring down at something moving through the grass
Hold up
Tagged runner, and the whole cast rotate
Not before he could identify the culprit
Granny yelling, "Go Cubs!"
Graham yelling, "Gopher!"
New left-fielder give a fuck about a homer
Got a homie, little rodent, head and shoulders at a supple
No baseball in the bubble
Ruh-roh
Parents thought it adorable
The players followed suit
Inning crawling to a close
Head coach not amused
Coach seeing red
Coach on the diamond dragging 27 inches of aluminium behind him
When he transverse 3rd, the families turn nervous
The following is a transcript of man vs vermin
Here we go
Man stands out by a hole
Pest pops up to patrol
Man plays live whack-a-mole
In a scene that would try every child as adult
Woah
Pallbearer with a ball mitt
Thrown over the fence
Coach at the bench
Both teams lose
"Good game. Good game"
Granny yelling "Go Cubs!", Cubs ain't playing
My little brother is a funny dude
A lot of funny shit happened to him
My other brother pretty funny too
Ain't seen him in a minute though
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Yup
Not a part of the machine
Big brother, big idea, 9-0, 16
Neubaten tee, plaid flannel laden adolescent art kid
Tony Hawk hair, Skinny Puppy denim
And a record player vomiting Alien Sex Fiend
Peel sessions in a Christian home for field testing
It's real youth in the palm of your hand
When your Mom thinks Satan is involved in a band
We were buried in the village voice
Checking who was playing where
Pulled his head up out the paper, pushing out a single tear
Five words, like a beacon of light in the mist
"Ministry live at the Ritz"
It was Christ has risen to Chris
3 loves, 2 fish
Miracle of mechanized loops on 2-inch
Coming to a theatre he would be there in the flesh
Moms didn't say "No," but she didn't say "Yes"
Copped tickets, ha the plot thickens
Countdown to ultimate concert experience
Moms still worrying
"Why are they called Ministry? Are they a cult?"
Maybe she could probably investigate
Bought a mag with an Al Jourgensen interview
Read a couple sentences, glanced at a pic or two or three
That's all, no fair trial
Simply, "You will not be going to the show and that's final!"
What occurred next were the top of the lungs of a son who unjustly had lost what he'd loved
In a moment that would transcend anger to high-arts
Said, "This is something I am willing to die for!"
Can you even imagine a death in the fam from industrial fandom?
Anyway, no body count no concert and Chris kicked rocks in his mismatched converse
My older brother is a funny dude
A lot of funny shit happened to him
We hadn't spoken in a couple moons
I called him last night
"How you doing?"
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
Just in case of rough waters, I wanna put one up for my brothers
album:
"The Impossible Kid"
(2016)
"Cycles To Gehenna" lyrics
"Cycles To Gehenna"
Baseheads locally approach all spark plugs
Total disregard for a dying man's shark jump
Post-meridian pretty tungsten attracts any once-pale horse painted gunmetal black
Face masking, hard-shelled ebony propeller hat
Clubmans, gloved rakes grappling the clutch span
Tuck go the steel toe, metal gate spreading
For the dead-alive that rented parking space 37
2000 out the weekly under "Cycles to Gehenna" gets him floating over 20 buses
Fireproof and festive
Corners like a two-tired tiger so a too-tired rider can accumulate a few excited fibers to assign
Knows no zen in the art of maintenance
Only as the orchestrated patron saint of changing lanes baby
Here is how a great escape goes when you can't take your dead friends names out your phone
Eyes and teeth, new moon on a scale that defies belief
Outside what our fundamental sciences teach, every other mighty lion asleep
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
[x3]
The man-ape translates glam thru the visor
Goes in water lilies
Am-scrays Giger, and man-ray
Crammed in a one-player campaign
Blinker like a hallowed bonfire over Samhain
Span where the praying hands mandate
Bars an extension of the arms
They're mutating instead of being farmed
Tonight beneath a marmalade Venus
Haunted mowers chewing every glowing yard of mud between us
Going Ford, Jag, Datsun, Corvette, Lotus
All cones you can slalom when your Zorlac's focused
Via mechanical Dartmoor Frankensteined poorly
And sanctioned by a New Yank Yorkee
Who knew that any moment he could lose it to the decoupaged suicide flooring
And still he keep his fuel tank portly, the 30 odd year old gears thank charlie
The scarf thank Mom's new hobby, kssssht! copy
Eyes and teeth, new moon on a scale that defies belief
Outside what our fundamental sciences teach, every other mighty lion asleep
Gangway - mine eyes, mine teeth
[x3]
It was less an act of hubris
More a lonely hearts club at the helm of a magic bullet
Away on a relentless bid for rarefied inertia
Rattletrap forks married to the patchy terra firma Ursa Minor getting warmer
I crowbar into the pecking order
The dreck between the whores and Betty Ford-ers
Hug a double yellow spine
Knobby rubber like a rat on a rope
Those little fuckers run on passion alone
This is the product of a D.I.Y. inadequate home
Grabbing a cabin in the-fuck-outta-dodge
Actin' a savage in the shadows of Rome
Traffic amassed against insufferable odds
Fashioning gallows out of plastic and bone
I got the motordrome walls of death splintering under me
All-city galvanized bikes white knuckling
Bright light, tunnel kings tuck in the devil
P.S. I wrote this on a self destructing memo
album:
"Skelethon"
(2012)
"Freeze" lyrics
"Freeze"
It goes welcome the pop off, some pop soft. We bang b-bang b-bang bang out loud. Ready on the left with a face full of death. We slanged out fang mouth bang out now.
This is a never dug disco, Zoo York tycoon, memorandum bonanza banter clamp crunk out the fish bowl. Gorgeous how struggling gills wriggle out water, ain't it? Same scape as the walls crawling with paranoia's plaintiffs. The robo-komodo promo Zen patience a-alike to this jittery drooling mess. Bitterly unruly on mud hugger alert, he usher dirt to the kick circus. Deflected labor ethic questions peeled at the field workers. Is it raw? Please... does a priest need a ten-foot pole to baptize little Linus minus the lap ride and tease? Evolution is a leader depleter, seeker needy sheep idol feeder beware, once complete you might not want to be there. Dead straw to gold bar spin fiber. Lost and fond in a smitten kitten's incisors. They Aphrodite all over the burgle of a purple heart compartment. Marched a burgundy carpet alarmed and far to parched to bark it. Lil' Abner. A real firecracker. Grows to throw 'bows with vehicular hijackers. To eavesdrop plots cops hired a wire tapper. That's a whipper snapper trapped beneath my grip on the fire ladder. Took drums over to deril' to once over the line tones. Punch toothy ticks 'til they find homes like three ruby clicks. The roof is on fire where snoopy sits right now. You should have shot yourself in the foot when it was in your mouth.
[CHORUS]
Thieves in the strobe deep freeze your pose. For the disease that grows underneath your toes holds up a reason y'alls gold never seems to glow. Now we can all breath slow once the fiend's exposed. It goes heave ho. You never got the grit right. Bark fame but you never put the grit down. Hawk styles but you never got the grit right. Put the grit down. Grit right. Get down.
This is a never dug disco defamation of dog and pony grappled out chincey, chipping Leo Da Vinci phonies pushing kill of hill bloated. Nobody got you. While biggest brother's watching bigger brother watching big brother watch you. Nothing says circus fun quite like nuclear holocaust over breakfast on the terrace. Hash browns and peril. Old ironsides or good ship lolli-popper, Davy Jones still got a locker, ak, the opera's more than docs and soccer moms. Now before you kick your feet up, I married and divorced mother nature after sweet-talking that old hag out of a pre-nup. This information's neither braggadocio nor secret, just know as of now the world is technically not yours, peanut. It's a day in the life of the carnie dog-faced boy escapist. Living large, watching Springer, smoking beedies wrapped in bacon. At night his get busy disease leakage peaketh. Merk the he say/she say, BK Jesus turn peg legs to Adidas on the down stroke. And they like 'what's up with the name?' I tell'em y'all made Bazooka Tooth I's about to ask the same. But before you curfew the city and shut down every block, I'd like to say I still Aesop the fuck out of the Rock
[CHORUS]
This is a never dug disco. Spread feelers. Tonka zonk Gepetto bred beezers. Jeepers, gee wilikers, goshes galoshes, Christ, god almighty. They tore his limbs off kilter, still the hostage moshes slightly. Hung off the balcony by the skin off his doctor's psyche. He hopes it holds but knows the locusts kamikaze nightly. He woke, corroded buggy facial, insect chopper biting. He's only bones by the time the ungodly body's sighted. He saw the puddle, full color hideous monster Viking. He used to survey if the vermin dined on others like him. He found the fucks indigenous to him and awfully feisty. He grew old awkward grinch and settled into bonkers nicely. I alert vital spider works to cultivate grit, ship the bulk rate shit. Herbie the love bug drugs pulsate whips. Tie in spite for commoner idiocy and good old-fashioned biblical plague. We move units off your pagan escapade. And it's pits to the peg legged. Megas eclipse cripples so that pimp limp's wheel chair basketball when 15 minutes fizzles. Your flimsy frame marks hip-hop's second most tragic event and will 'til Jam Master Jay's resurrection and second death.
[CHORUS]
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"Spare A Match" lyrics
"Spare A Match"
Electric charge comin' from the mainframe
I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks
My every little step set in a star,
Retina Scarred; tread in a sled of bedbugs got my dead head in a jar
Crazer camp stamp blank on the mug of settlers registered not protest nor approval regarding every morn futile.
My experience with a spirit alignment interference assigns division from clearance to ample scrambling.
Let's note the magnificence in the difference.
OK see two canaries on the wire aspire to separate luulabies both of which had me drifting.
Every clan ghostly orphan scared stiff in the bliss and list picking from the arrangment under burden. Bust.
Wallow in will to split the privelage cluster; Lackluster as if a journey choice grew on the nearest chuckle path- dispatch trouble.
I've never seen the water so high in my poison life. Social conduct, 20 pace, about face, self destruct.
I know the key locations, sharp enough to catch those subtle signs cause, well, this here alley cat's been around the block a couple of times.
Lifting every tin can, sifting every mess; one man's trash, you know the rest, live it.
Pitching a battered platform out of mass hysterics perished in the blizzard. When it's finished I plan to sit and observe the twister pivot.
Sleep and sleep well; sleep with a sacred array of fevers, wake as a pertinent version of a pipe dreamer.
Y'all can find me if you lookin for a friend- I'll be the only iron-clad oracle in a city of tin.
(it's like that)
[CHORUS:]
I was born where crooked demeanor seemed to spawn merit;
I was born where all the king's men couldn't mend a broken spirit;
I was born where it don't matter if you stand, sit, or fall, to live and die as a brick brick brick in the wall.
And I'm a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall, and I'm a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall.
And I'm a brick in the wall, drop in the bucket, yes y'all.
(Electric charge comin' from the mainframe)
(I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks)
(Electric charge comin' from the mainframe)
(I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks)
(Electric charge comin' from the mainframe)
(I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks)
Spare a match for the most distorted orchid in the path.
Assorted orphans coursed in a morbid orbit forward toward the traps.
I make a tentative promise to flash frequent the most sacred abrasive based in allegiance to the makeshift mason's secrets.
Water basin leaking, plug it up.
The simple triple ring performance shoveled subtle imperfection.
I rung a life's worth of saturated costume gear over hell's balcony to nullify the drought and still the martyr farmers shout at me.
And so the epic went.
And every cirrus hung.
The bow breakers turned a cradle fatal, every spirit clung.
Croon for the slick Icarus brain children busy splitting the givingtree building fresh canoes for freaks to cross the spill in. i'm frantic.
My plan is dwindling with every pulse bump. Gods and monsters yield the lump sum of the dolt clump.
Be wary when the stratosphere tints.
I Scout like Atticus Finch, inching up slow in the games of reconnaissance.
Now cause to amend the Zen memorandum has surfaced in every holocaust citadel fix it plan.
12 easy steps to better picket line demeanor.
Gumshoe.
Stick stone conglomerate activate massive.
But the sky is falling. F-f-f-fuck you.
I've hired sweatshop labor to hold candles to the solar panels stitched in the back of my neck for nickels and sour milk by the week.
Cheek to the heartache.
At the center of my anthem lies a blend of temper tantrums substancial for me to lamp in.
[3X]
(Electric charge comin' from the mainframe)
(I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks)
[CHORUS]
I was born where crooked demeanor seemed to spawn merit
I was born where all the kings man couldn't mend a broken spirit
I was born where no matter if you stand sit or fall to live or die as a brick brick brick in the wall
And I'm a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall, and I'm a brick brick brick brick brick in the wall.
And I'm a brick in the wall, drop in the bucket, yes y'all.
(Electrocharge commin' from the mainframe)
(I'm from where the phat beats stretch for mad blocks)
[Chopped and Screwed]
album:
"Float"
(2000)
"11:35" lyrics
"11:35"
Some cats grow by the laws of the wild
Some learn slower and lag in the mud
Some stand up in defense of a style
Some let the big dogs eat them up
At exactly 11:35pm on January 21st I fell asleep sound
At exactly 11:35pm on January 21st some shit went down
[Aesop Rock]
Now Benny was a New York City graff kingpin
Five Borough fame guaranteed to itch pigskin
Raided near the Brooklyn Naval Yards, juxed an undercover
When they asked him what he pled he said, "You're fuckin' up my cover!"
[Mr. Lif]
Okay, Jose is working in the slaughterhouse
Said he's living in the hood, but he wants to get his daughter out
Slipped off a ledge, and fell into a machine
Another dead immigrant, that's the American Dream
[Aesop Rock]
Miss Molly, helpless, made a penny with a data entry temp gig
Overqualified with the rent stick
Red brick bash with a texted green screen
Like, "I entered my data right into your screen"
[Mr. Lif]
Jane went insane, she's an anchorwoman
Sick of pushing skewed information
And abusing the nation
Had a few options:
Either jump or run
Critical ways or waving a gun
Time for C-H-A-N-G-E
Held a knife to the VP on TV
She demanded that the format be expanded
Beyond fear, everybody clear, understand it?
[Aesop Rock]
Billy was a coke fiend
[Mr. Lif]
Maggie was a cop
[Aesop Rock]
Like a dope he stole green
[Mr. Lif]
She patroled the block
[Aesop Rock]
Banking off his old scheme
[Mr. Lif]
She recognized his plot
[Aesop Rock]
He thought he was home free
[Mr. Lif]
She knew that he was locked
[Aesop Rock]
Now it's off to the jail in a blue squad car
[Mr. Lif]
She pocketed the crack before they got far
[Aesop Rock]
Billy watches Maggy from behind steel bars
Like "Where the crack went"
[Mr. Lif]
"I'ma smoke it tomorrah"
[Aesop Rock]
They call him Larry Luck
Blackjack, big spender
He was married once
Till he bet her ring finger
Seen him leaving Las Vegas
With a pick up truck, diamond
Forty large, and beautiful wife piece
Less than what he came with
Itched to get rich found nickels in the couch
Hitched back to the casino with in an hour
Said "I'm here to make a dollar out of fifteen cents"
And was immediately shot to his death over debts
[Mr. Lif]
As Colin died, his mother cried
Then the EMS survived
Said that he could be revived but they lied
Afterlife realized that water from the skies
Washes pain from our eyes so our hopes could rise
[Aesop Rock]
Now, J.J. punch drunk, acts like a dumb fuck
Bum touched girls looking young enough to thumb suck
One saw the light, thought it right to rat him out
Now gets raped by Aryans in the big house (OUCH!)
[Mr. Lif]
Ted did 20 years for rolling some weed
Though he used to snort coke and dabble with speed
Welcome home, homie, here's a blunt with hash
You know the rules, bitch, take two and pass
Some cats grow by the laws of the wild
Some learn slower and lag in the mud
Some stand up in defense of a style
Some let the big dogs eat them up
At exactly 11:35pm on January 21st I fell asleep sound
At exactly 11:35pm on Januray 21st some shit went down
[Aesop Rock]
I got one Jack or Jill
Jill won't, Jack will
Jill didn't, then did it
Jack fell
No cellophane secrets, b
I guess I sense two felt bumps in the tar
No cell
But hell, you jump the bar so well
Parted your partners veil and dipped
I'm New York harbor
Tale of a sail, ripped sorta
Stuck on purpose for tha love of birthplace
But would have carried you home inside of my teeth anyday
Turns out I wasn't cast in the master plan anyway
He holds no grudge, holds his tongue, wild
Same one she used to hold in both smiles
[?]
instinctual last shout if it killed me
So you can ride up in the sun city guilt-free
One year passed, the table is wobbling and your hollerin' back
Sippin the fits you skipped when shit cracks
They never missed it
Not a long haul, bullshit, kids kicked into the same
Shoebox with the flicks and lipstick
I'll love you forever, cuz you know me better
For the record, that one time I would've married you in a second
But kill the rekindling dreams and navigate the friendship
Or else by the time the stress wears out we'll both be dead and friendless
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"6b Panorama" lyrics
"6b Panorama"
I was sitting on my fire escape and I saw...
Sturdy bridges, decorated with dirty pigeons
A vagabond begging for three pennies and a princess
A junkie tourniquet surgeon urging the needle in
A batty senior citizen flashing that awful teethless grin
I saw a corner store merchant rest on a milk crate with a stog'
A pierced nose, a model with a stalker, cheap hooker, jay walkers
A table on a sidewalk with four old men slappin' dominos down
A city, a village, a neighborhood, a ghost town
I saw vandals catching tags and Puerto Rican flags
I saw a pregnant woman on the verge of bursting (boom)
I saw a blind man with a dog screaming 'someday I'll see it all'
And then he sat down with his hammer and saw
Business men with multi-colored ties, cashmere checks
A nazi with tattoos on his neck, a Vietnam war vet
A Caucasian man with a limp and a cane, a pimp with his names
A thug circus, a pack of shook tourists hugging their purses
I saw freaks with rainbow streaks in dayglo hair
A mother smackin' the grin off her child, replaced it with a stare
A pothole, a storefront with a broken open sign
A hole in the wall bar kicking drunks to the gutter, it's closing time
I see a fuck up, a bum knuckle up with a taxi driver
A squatter, a grandfather, an angry right-to-lifer
I can see the roof garden on the apartment across the street
And kick myself because somewhere along the way I lost my seeds
I see a rat, a roach, a bat approach, a happy student
A black man with a horn and a will to make you sit and listen to it
I see a little girl on the corner with bubbles, braids and barrettes
I see a teen mother with similak pacifier and regrets
Oh, a day turned stale, a hammer with a rusty nail, a failed marriage
A universe of brick buildings slightly off balance
A challenge, I see a chance to add real colors to my favorite palette
Raise my mighty mallet towards the gods and swing my talents
I see a crack in the sidewalk
A slide show of six civilians gripping bottles of gideon
Sitting inside bent meridian
There's a fun house ooh, a sun spout
Spraying yellow beams above yellow back dreams
And children in the hydrants
Tyrants
[?]
, I see sirens
The wall to the glamor standard
A dead bird, a bent curb
A bus stop of commuters waiting to have their souls towed off to work
I seen the slap dash habits of bike messengers paws
And hug that good leaf on the way to damaged packages, dependence
Oh my lord, I see bandwagons, all aboard
A carnival amusement park where a heart is a luxury
I see a gas galaxy huddled behind those pearly doors
Maybe I should sit up on my fire escape a little more
album:
"Float"
(2000)
"Babies With Guns" lyrics
"Babies With Guns"
Radio check check
Video check check
This is how the city-folk and mole-people connect-nect
Somebody warped the message, tried to pass it to the next next
Data-perforated counties making you upset-set
Harvest all Brand-X Clark Kents to worm food
Carbon heart, buried his nozzle in fossil marker art
Pardon, cadaver had a legitimate pulse
And littered volts all over the village where the skittish pigeons molt
Bastard polter-gasps when the pigeon with Lazarus billy-goat whiskers
He roasted sea-salt in the open blisters
But blind anarchy slips through the cracks
See naked martyrs with Bubblelicious on fishing rods itching to pull it back
With that organic invention incubated to have some
[?]
to make it through
[?]
on paper now, a lot of details later
And lot of crews will taper out
A wooly mayor souse, who
[?]
happy shooting at the bladed mouth
Bazooka Tooth zoo-keep the paper route with janky funds and favors
Cradled by twelve empty Zelda heart containers
Man, it's freezing in this brick bitch, winter forever
Like Punxatawny Phil found with his four furry wrists severed
I walk face-first through the sex, drugs, and church
With wild things that make Maurice Sendak question his early works
But no hostages, no promises
Out the clock corporate constant sprockets
Now clocked-off grommets
Running from a rabid ring-wraith click basilisk
Serpentine, in and out of traffic jam and murder scenes
Scrub blood of the AF-152, pick up first degrees
Some toddlers smuggled Tommy guns and crack into the nurseries
Dog, there's a fucking baby at the door asking for wallets (yeah?)
And those ain't twin Beanie Babies inside his pockets (nope!)
2010 sonograms showed the Magnum formed directly out the fetus
Evolution for the young killer convenience
Radio check check
Video check check
This is how the city-folk and mole-people connect-nect
Somebody warped the message, tried to pass it to the next next
Data-perforated counties making you upset-set
Magazine check check
Paper route check check
This is how the hermit and the busy bee connect-nect
Somebody's losing track of their flesh-and-bloods and arrests-rests
Polka-dotted landscapes, what did you expect-pect?
Now a-days, even the babies got guns
Diaper snipers having clock-tower fun
Misplace the bottle, might catch a bad one
Have a mid-life crisis when you're ten years young
If this Jesus piece around your neck is bigger than your pistol
It makes homicide okie-dokie and your god will forgive you
Just show the saints at Heaven's gate you should be on the list
"I heard he overlooks manslaughter for a tattooed crucifix"
Twisty, fishy, contradicty, wild animal ship fleet
Off the sliding board dock of the Mr. Turtle pool mom bought
Somewhere they laminate dry bones and cool water and ease medulla
After you thumb-suck and diaper-change get burped and shoot the school up
I'd do it too, but only to exploit no-brainers
Teenager beef passed alligator teeth and extra-curricular flagpole scrapping
Amongst tadpoles that have yellow backbones
De-mechanism brought airborne shrapnel scraps to hassle captains
By the itchy index of an umbilically-garped fraggle baby
Fragile maybe, you think?
Chopped shop and a mislead, maladjustee trustee locked box
Hiding clips that light the sky in seconds
like newly communal hop-scotch gives them leverage
Cut them with mortars while I mumble
in the immortal slang of mushmouth for the anti-led Nirvana
I used to think I'd get hit by a bus or something dumb and dumber
That or bust the slugs plugged by the newest kiddie thug wonder
Self-victim kings who rep a wide pride dosage
For tomorrow the holsters are bound to outnumber the roaches
I'm not a coach
But that won't even jolt the immobile
when global terrorism's all the rage and folk get smoked local
Block, if you need me (yeah?)
I had to bounce to DC (yeah?)
To bullet-proof mom's flower garden before the war cheats me (yeah?)
If I'm not back in a week tell the crew I said "peace" and lay low
Strays don't vacate slow
Radio check check
Video check check
This is how the city-folk and mole-people connect-nect
Somebody warped the message, tried to pass it to the next next
Data-perforated counties making you upset-set
Magazine check check
New flash check check
This is how the hermit and the busy bee connect-nect
Somebody's losing track of their flesh-and-bloods and arrests-rests
Polka-dotted landscapes, what did you expect-pect?
Now a-days, even the babies got guns
Diaper snipers having clock-tower fun
Misplace the bottle, might catch a bad one
Have a mid-life crisis when you're ten years young
Aboard the battleship grey sky
The day I got the phone call Jam Master Jay died
So now I'll probably never write another "Daylight"
Because the stingers
[?]
into the portable hay-rides
It adds it up when a pioneer fall, in comparison to your 99 bottle of beer wall
There's banana peels in your hamster wheels, hand cannons in your shoebox, please
Mine's got Adidas, rest in peace
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"Number Nine" lyrics
"Number Nine"
[Aesop Rock:]
Deliver us from evil
Litter bugged amoeba simmer on the brimstone
Grim tone, bring him home
Authoritative restoration will be rationed righteously
To those deemed suitably fit to police their own sobriety
Standard law that wriggle intimate, mingle with coincidental mishap, then snap
Curse the digs
Yellow brick Zooka birthed the piss
I trust that every litigant will be his own worst pig
Thirst big, baby, I reckon y'all are a mess too, but insecurities will
Make your bio sound less cool
If fizzy lifting drinks are par for saddling your horse,
You might consider sawing Sea Biscuit off at the knees before
Few chew sacred like them sewer cougars
Patient 'til the Lugar movers daytrip with them super cookers blazing
Divvy up the remarkable carcass, what a relief
And y'all ain't even washed yesterday's blood off your teeth
Behind the buck-bin Duane Reade aviators plated with the dookie brown tint sit
The googly off the daily paper
Clip red or blue (Blue!)
Either way the shredder chew
Letter to the editor messenger, let him through
Engine engine number nine, sock it to me one more time
Said uh, un-gowa, we got the power
[x3]
Automatic systematic engine number nine, sock it to me one more time
Said un-gowa we got the power
Okay, do your thing
[Echoes]
Family, do your thing, do your thing, stop
[Aesop Rock:]
I put a beetle on his back and take notes
Play a dealt hand. Kicks wing tips 'til the tank flips conveyor belt
Shelf a mayor saber for catering navy savior
Help who treat stray children like clay pigeons off the sailor's deck
He squeaks 'pull', I freak the wool over the owl eye;
Filter sheepish winter through it's sister on the outside
Meanwhile back at HQ, he's twisting his moustache, hatching a plan to hate you
Shark fin dollar pay a ghost guild buckets
Hard pill to swallow and he knows pills, trust him
Drunkards of the crystal palace suck assignment
Walk the diamonds in the soles of your chukkas back to the slaves who mined 'em
It's Raggedy Andy clan; fancy the pretty stitches
'til he learned the skinny on the fragility's physics
Like he snag a button eye on the fly by the barbs
Super glue the parts, now his students are alarmed
No worries, it's snow flurries compared to what the sheriff wish:
Curfew the city that must not
Bust warn shots at a run-of-mill Waldo on a doctor hunt
He will make the most wonderful sarcophagus occupant
Engine engine number nine, sock it to me one more time
Said uh, un-gowa, we got the power
[x3]
Automatic systematic engine number nine, sock it to me one more time
Said un-gowa we got the power
Okay, do your thing
[Echoes]
Family, do your thing, do your thing, stop
[Aesop Rock:]
Rotten egg, not to be pegged as fashionably tardy
The difference is the latter got the freebies from the barkeep
Wait, Aes-fucking-Rock is in the building
The room looked up, looked down, kept sniffing
Slit the neck and slip the chip in, sipping anti-governmental zombie grog
But zombied up gladly on your Swiss Army watch
As if twitching upon your authored condition's
Really that different from administered conditioning glitches
Kissing a firewater pitcher with the fatal Drano-chase game
It's hiding in the Nang labeled with the day-glow face paint
Some buckle when the T-Rex treks shakes the puddles
My huggable jungle
My son of a dove cry, humble, even doves die
I took the black outta something to judge the lung by
I took the mag out like the crack out of a bum's pipe
I hook the tag up like a flag over the plum sky
Mud pie cruiser with an oink for the innocent
I blame it on the ambiguous quote unquote system
If a quota needs some filling you're a whore
Sincerely yours, engine number nine conductor
All aboard!
Engine engine number nine, sock it to me one more time
Said uh, un-gowa, we got the power
[x3]
Automatic systematic engine number nine, sock it to me one more time
Said un-gowa we got the power
Okay, do your thing
[Echoes]
Family, do your thing, do your thing, stop
EP:
"Fast Cars, Danger, Fire And Knives"
(2005)
"Battery" lyrics
"Battery"
[Aesop Rock:]
Yo change the fuckin channel
I burn a Coma candle
When the flame fades, consider my flatline a soldier's sample
We them cats talkin noise behind that New York trash heap
Where the stench of commuter briefcase replaces a bad sleep
And it's, worker zig-zagers versus piggy badge flashers
Training Generation Fallout
Waterfall bricklayer pincushion crawl out
There's smoke in my iris
But I painted a sunny day on the insides of my eyelids
So I'm ready now (What you ready for?)
I'm ready for life in this city
And my wings have grown almost enough to lift me
I'm a dinosaur with Jones Beach in my hourglass
Passing the time with serial killer coloringbooks and bags of marbles
Don't tell me you ain't the droid that held the match to the charcoals
Don't tell me Lucifer and God don't carpool
(This is our school)
I'm not trying to graduate to life at the personalized barstool
Head in a jar on the desk, feet dangling in a shark pool
(Man please) Man please
My name stands for my being
And my being stands for the woman who stood
And braved the storm to raise this evening
(Brother, sun, sister, moon, mother beautiful)
Yeah middle sibling suitable but far from son of excellence
Back in a long time ago, I was to way the wishers wish
But missers miss, I slept through my appointment
Saw the liquid dreams of a thousand babies solidify
And picked the rose that wilted
The second I introduced myself as Nervous
Well it appears the scars of learning have spoken
Some are burning, some have rosen
Some deserve tall tales, some wrote them
Some are just a brutal reprocussion of devotion
Mine are all of the above cause everything leads to erosion
Now where I live there's a homeless man
He sits upon a crate
He makes a rusty trumpet sound like the music that angels make
Now if you ever come and visit me, I suggest you watch the show
Tell him Aesop Rock sent ya just to hear his horn blow like this
[Horn samples]
[Aesop Rock:]
And I ain't getting any younger
My knuckles wear their bruises well
I've yet to lose that hunger
But only time can tell
Prodigal Son with a prodigal wish to sew that prodigal stitch
And crucify bigot voodoo doll on two popsicle sticks
See your name is Ambiguity
My name is something hands can't hold
But hearts part ocean scapes just to watch the starlet unfold
It's like sketching a circle in the dirt with a pointed stick
Knowing the wind'll kill it some day, still it calls my burning wits for now
And if I plow the fields that don't guarantee plentiful harvest
But starving artists die, I set my alarm for five o'clock
Idols block survival crops the cycle stops for nothing
The Bible's carp revivalist winos flock by the hundreds
To the opening, scarlet carpets greeting their duel
Leading the stubborn mule to cruel rugburn
But y'all numb from gut fuel
I administer eclispe, there ain't no motor like a martyr-made motor
Cause a martyr-made motor don't quit
I am an epiphany, I am webbed foot mammal
Channel surfing my way to the top
Tugboat in a bottle
With no holes poked in the nozzle
I fed em bedlam diluted in limelight
Till that rookie boogie graduated hostile
And the vehicle is grandeur and it veered over the medium
The second my halo ran outta helium
Demoted to thorn crown, damn talk about numbskull
I was born bound to a stencil called symmetry
But my energy's a rental
So I take this now to say
Thank you seniorita for holding a flame to a lost wick
Thank you James Anthony for the band-aids on my ego
Y'all are family for life
I'll take that bullet to preserve you
I wanna be something spectacular
On the day the sun runs outta batteries
Attach my fashion to the casualties of anarchy
Save my nickels up to buy that homeless man a brand new horn
Then sit up on his crate as I witness the beauty born like this
(I ain't gettin any younger)
[Horn samples to end]
album:
"Labor Days"
(2001)
"Mystery Fish" lyrics
"Mystery Fish"
Tech support, feral army
In a cave on a failed bit of terraforming
4 corners of paranormal
Get shorn for a thermos and pair of thermals
In the warehouse air where his dairy curdles
St. Vincent de Paul trying to square the circle
Circle the source of his power
Foresight born at the corner of Howard on sale
Cherry pick blue in the pale
It's a blue-nose chewin' his tail
Losing his coat
Schmoozing a high and head-rush
Hack up bile over H1N1, and then some
One eye on the breadcrumbs
Other eye on the Drencrom
Other other eye on the income
Good knife and a grin
Shoot dice with the lice and the ring worms
Peg leg, smells like Medellin wake in the night
Make a pipe out of anything
Take 5, take a dive in the cellophane
Turn 5 into 5 6 7 8
Back out, black out somewhere fancy
Shaped like the backseat of Aesop's Camry
Dude... seat full of chips and sandwich meat from the crypt
In the end, if you give an address in a river of piss
Don't question the mystery fish
Just picture shrimp on a pillow of grits
Close your eyes, lick your lips
I'm at the cafe ordering a cup of fresh
Sarah gave me 2, I gave one to Rex
He said, "Fools ain't shit plus fuck the pigs
They could never understand what Sumner is"
(Word up, word up, word up)
I'm off the grid
I'm through the gate
I fly these kites into the fray
(Word up, word up, word up)
I'm out the box
I'm through the mud
I fly these kites into the cut
NorCal fried bacteria
No ID survive the vivarium
Try soft wheels, sourdough and heroin
Eat with the chimera, fly with the seraphim
Might hold court with the cats and dogs
Who hold Kools like an orb in a dragon's claw
In terry cloth robes outside detox surly
Curse at a beat cop, doctor a Slurpee
Adopt no Xerxes, fear no moon man
Stay true like a wolf wearing wolf pants
Oooh, never could avoid himself
For long enough to contain or employ as help
And now he look both ways at the asteroid belt
Buzzed, gross and wholly unloved
Still hear an ex in his head yelling, "kiss the ring"
From a fortune to Fisher King
Or from assisted care, blisters in his hair
New day, new diary of disrepair
Soups on, 2-ton crucifix to bear
No shoes, no shirt, no fiscal year
I said hello to Marshall every morn for 6
He yelled at me every time, that's amore, bitch
It only took one tooth to crack the bug juice and chug
Turn a bum to a Sun Tzu, it's bug
Outside home is an open swim
Occultism in the throws of corrosive wind
A cold meal with the ghosts of friends
A whole host of meds
A deal on a Tone Loc cassette
I stepped over a body in the door
I pretend he asleep but it's probably more, God damn
Profound apathy, heart with a crack
I'm ships in the night
I'm darts at a map
Word up
album:
"The Impossible Kid"
(2016)
"N.Y. Electric" lyrics
"N.Y. Electric"
[Verse 1]
I cut the ropes, breathe fresh puddles of pigeon blood and smoke
Load bazooka, scope the culprit hulks over a broken hookah
Got rebel camps with siphons amped to cookie cut the wattage
Electric ilk NY raised on b-movie sluts and gossip
Condition the bodega rodent moment composure
To echo numb and uncommon, dumb monkey pollen
My 23's lean over a cobra motor milligram bender
Novelty, I tip lids prior to clipping the comradery
Check the muck out, When metal maggots burrow in Promised Land vein division
I tug my brim down over my stigmatism
Lo-pro, Paxil Rose, axel broke and butchered
Last catapult standing in a land of coke and hookers
It's King Kong potluck, no parking for rickshaw loads of sock puppets and sitcoms
Just Krylon pigs bred in a hot boxed wigwam
Serotonin deficient teens demonstrate ease in the modern day uzi purchase
The foundation of their alacrity makes the umis nervous
Me? Oh I check the newest murals to see whose still bombing this fucker
And um....respect, find out what it means to me
New York, walk blocks with electric ninjas who bark bounce for trunked out whips
Like my company Delorian's the shit
Skipper's out of happy pills again, he's in the neighbors garbage
He's making paper dolls decorated with targets
He's labeling the dolls with the names of shitty rap artists
Then tearing out the still beating heart from from the loose-leaf carcass
I ordered a hovercraft off the back page of an Archie comic
Built it in three days to float above snarky comments
My gills call the East River rock bottom home with three-eyed guppies and seahorse mutations
See New York is ancient Rome basic, basically stone faces
My friend jumped off the Empire State Building while I hung with 10th grade head cases
Some of them will blossom famous, some of them will blossom base heads
But they all rep rivets in the die-cast metal Voltron cadence, what!?
[Chorus]
N.Y. Electric, catalog, burners, pigs, magnums, crack, bag lady, roach bit, pristine kicks
Threading the iris of the needle. just for my people
Im'a thread the needlem just for my people
Breaker 1-9, 9-11-01 witness, maybe you don't get this
[Verse 2]
Kill 'em all slow, I was on a serious tree bender with my hands up at a C-Rayz-Walz show
Nether-citcuit bacon don't police me anymore, your trained professionals demonstrate
41 shots over par
Least common denominator raise truth like Charlie, Willy, and Gramps
Raise roofs in a glass
Wonkavator, monster maker
Operate wild by the company of unturned stones and litter
Talk his way out of a sunburn and be home in time for dinner
Paid dues since before the days of bad acid and Quaaludes
While the boombox talks trash to the richter
Stalking awkward with a zip lock on the pill hole
Bitter fucker, nothing is free, I'll spend my last dollar on me
Put one up for my family, should've made time to thank 'em
Put one up for my crew, for recognizing the sanctum
Put one up for the socially broke, choked and smokey
New York piss hiss bleed dolby, homey
[Chorus]
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"No Splash" lyrics
"No Splash"
[Aesop Rock:]
January, I fell to the cobblestone
In April, I cut little paper flowers
In August, I drank cold tea all my lonesome
In October, I was introduced as coward
I love New York Saturdays
But Mondays last longer
And since I plan to live a long life
Maybe I'll serve a thousand Mondays and swallow the burn
To merge the week for all its got
To give my shoddy rotten ribs (thick forgot my ribs)
I got a lil' something called a spirit crisis on my skull
And it's nothing short of ferocious but I swallowed the dosage
I got a mantle, and the mantle is a candle
And my candle is a flame that burns to symbolize the day Gretel met Hansel
Then I settle in a stand still
I live forever reaching for the sun
Hoping some lucky day I'll clutch and get a handful
Rope ladder, I'm a swinging anvil
And I wanna turn skullies and tummies with pretty lullaby, bye
The way my gypsy dances makes a monster retreat to fetal
I never felt so damn young
But you don't look a day over zero
And you don't look a day in its eyes cuz it'll make you realize
The night is near so
Well then go, dream, I clean around the edges
I tidy up the tabletop, and lectured all the pledges
I never really knew the true definition of precious
Till my angel wit the beautiful red locks gave me the message
I'm a fully animated life tree
See the root of the mute button was dug up bug up on a song
Of I'm a fully animated life tree
With branches for the heavens to admire naturally
[Chorus (Woman speaking):]
Fame, war, love, honor, crime, innocence, tragedy, sunshine
Cringe, death, passion, heroism, God, suffering, joy, fate
Destiny, treasure, stars, gall, hunger, murder, silence, mayhem
Health, pain, suspense, breath, sound, guilt, pride, time
[Aesop Rock:]
We all know what a halo is
But we all don't know the horrors if your halo tips
I be the matador making your pretty little heels click
I be the Sword in the Stone of the contemporary eclipse
I'm incredibly exhausted
You can't imagine, got my warm spirit stuck in my teeth, I'm obsolete
Freedom freedom freedom fighter beginning
For the sake of better demeanor and such to bust, fucking fantastic
Every little step she takes breaks the chambers
In the chest, developed in the abomidable trouble
Settle for a cruel second, loud for an hour
Screamin to the beats to leave until my whole weekend turns sour
I ain't been around the world but I been around the block
I ain't seen everything but I seen enough to talk
I ain't a prophet, I ain't the Second Coming of Christ
I'm just a mason with a will to build and a little advice
I wanna weave a web, I bought a set of knitting needles
Fiddling with a theme, dream solid
Paddle in the hole-in-the-bottom dingy to where the portraits astonish
You won't regret a single solitary step, I promise
Look, in a situation where a dragon guards the gate
I make a true spur of the moment grown decision
Which in turn allows me to be something normal
With the prefix of the 'ab'
I can kill every monster if I gotta, that's that
Rockin' it, rockin' it, clippership rockin' it
Be the little guinea pig, dig?
I'm tryin to make an exit with no ripples in the water
No splash, let the poison slide down down the hatch
It's like that
[Chorus 2x]
album:
"Float"
(2000)
"Pigs" lyrics
"Pigs"
[Verse 1:]
Sharks in the dunk tank, vipers in the garden
Locusts stole the groceries out the local Farmer's Market
All God's critters hold positions
Some are violent, some are victims
Each alive is an equal and vital piston I support
So when the piranhas honor New York
My daddy long legs dangled and mangled for sport
And while I bring in every dink in the kingdom with open wings
It all boils down to them shit-soaked pigs
The pigs (what), the pigs (what), the dregs of what y'all aim for
The gluttonous muddy stomachs under the pudgy cakehole
Two-track braniac using the food and payroll
To chew up and consume every cookie, crumb, and peso
And place a cloven hoof on the lucrative when convenient
As the bourbon-odor smokers' coughs smolder off the Cohiba
If Noah had the benefit of hindsight on his ship
He could've snatched two unicorns and left behind the motherfucking...
[Chorus:]
Pigs!
God damn... pigs!
Potbelly... pigs!
Punch-drunk... pigs!
Take money, money... pigs!
Loudmouth... pigs!
Wide load... pigs!
Let's make a deal...
[Verse 2:]
When all the wolves in woolly wigs
Have huffed, and puffed, and blew the bricks
The skulls of Brooklyn's cruelest pigs
Will rain on Fulton's newest kicks
As mulish swine of all surrounding counties sniff the gruesomeness
We pass around the pineapples and pull the pins in unison
I will gladly feed you to the breed who wants you sacrificed
No pagan or sacrilege, just bacon for scavengers
I will gladly seat you with the chickens, not the passengers
Hopefully the crack in his armor spreads to his avarice
Never that, Wilburs multiply quicker than triples
And hunt their truffles in fistfuls, but it was all bells and whistles
Bougie this and Bougie that...
War pig or pussy cat...
Glitzy to the pork ribs, had to gold-leaf the booby traps
Powder-pink, double-breasted, mess of mud and money
Waddle off the fire to make his stubborn tummy wroggle
And while I don't really know the working details of your tribes
I know that that's one ugly fucking tie
Asshole...
[Chorus:]
Asshole... pigs!
God damn... pigs!
Potbelly... pigs!
Punch-drunk... pigs!
Take money, money... pigs!
Loudmouth... pigs!
Wide load... pigs!
Let's make a deal...
[Verse 3:]
Apple in his mouth, Maraschino eyes
Party like the butcher boy's cleaver is alive
I mosey into sixteen hours of smoke in the misty winter
To see the county fair's blue ribbon winner as dinner
Then dance until the sun has kissed your blisters in the morning
As the misery was dormant and digging in crispy portions
Corporates want to lure him in and whore him. Or does he whore the corparates to expand the more important forums for him
Push the mortar pestle past the ordinary orchard
When the frilly border's faded is the product mine or yours, pig?
Mine, plus I toss a token where I go:
Directly to the worms who shovel shit and yellow snow
This little piggy went to the market with a target
And will subsequently know the armor-piercing forks of farmers
Final words for the finer birds taking notes:
I dig a chick in pig tails, "That's all Folks!"
[Chorus:]
Pigs!
God damn... pigs!
Potbelly... pigs!
Punch-drunk... pigs!
Take money, money... pigs!
Loudmouth... pigs!
Wide load... pigs!
Let's make a deal...
album:
"None Shall Pass"
(2007)
"Shrunk" lyrics
"Shrunk"
My first name is a random set of numbers and letters and other alphanumerics that changes hourly forever
My last name, a thousand vowels fading down a sinkhole to a sussurus, couldn't just be John Doe or Bingo
My address, a made up language written out in living glyphs lifted from demonic literature and religious text
Telephone, uncovered by purveyors of the Ouija, then checked against the CBGB women's room graffiti
My social, a sudoku
My age is obscure
My 'in-case-of-emergency' is in the daisies chasing birds
Employed by trillionaires with perfect teeth and pores, and people who open doors for the people who open doors
My medical history is a course at SUNY Buffalo
Charlatan psychiatry and troubleshooting undertow
Nervous in the service still
I'm burger meat and purple pills, "here"
"Thank you. We'll call your name."
Sure you will
Skipped lunch
I'm shrunk
You pack up all your manias
Sitting in the waiting room
You're dreaming of Arcadia, you're feeling like a baby tooth
Awaiting panacea, channeling your inner Beowulf
In Purgatory, just before you pay up to filet yourself and others
In the name of help, coal on a conveyor belt
Into ego death alone, no telephone from Gabriel
I'm half a human combing over Home and Garden stoned
Gold chains over turtlenecks, cigars over cologne
A thousand shitty paintings wrap around a wounded animal
Womb with the Schubert he's a future human-cannonball
Little fuckers fighting, mother hiding in her Hulu
I'm climbing up the stucco
Let's get to the seppuku, uh-oh
That pretty penny turn the prickly into Benji
If you save up all your winnings, then you get to count your blessings
I finally crunch the budget up and punch the button
She called my name out and pushed me into an oven
The fuck?
I'm shrunk
She says, "I'm not your enemy"
I said, "That sounds like something that my enemy would say"
Instead of playing off the chemistry she said,  "You're being difficult"
I said, "I'm being guarded. You're a quarter mil in debt, I get more guidance from my barber
Look, I'm not good at this, I grew up in a noogie fest
You built your walls up high or say goodbye to all your Cookie Puss
Here's one, every time my telephone buzzes I see images of hooded riders setting fire to hundreds."
She said, "When you start getting all expressive and symbolic, it's impossible to actualize an honest diagnostic."
I said, "When you start getting all exact and algebraic, I'm reminded it's a racket, not a rehabilitation, okay?
Agree to disagree as grown-ups from opposing clans
Honoring the push and pull I should have called the Scholomance
Oh well. Preservation is a doozy
"Will you be needing another appointment?"
"Absolutely"
I'm shrunk
album:
"The Impossible Kid"
(2016)
"Hold The Cup" lyrics
"Hold The Cup"
And the saints come marching in
Serpentine regime ordered by response sort of fell this population
Caboose humming no fence me in a van with common patriots
The parody plastered every red brick in site
Where had to keep his plights from ticking
I'm slipping my key and whim dim by dirty tap water and that
Roach on my ceiling circular fins round a bed of pushpins
Let's connect the thrill of volume to a flat earth
J-walkin a hook the past just passed the mere dragon bandwagon passages
I'm sorry, we've never met, my name is driftwood
Thanks friend, good looking, I'll never see you again
Feeding frenzy, catfish stomach, empty oceans
Spangled in hooks dangle by anglers off the plank of burning books
And if you're, not gonna eat that
Kill joy inherited by spirits lacking harnesses
Merchant, Goliath dipped in slip shy posture conceived evening
So I feed idea turn sun dial to bastards son adopt the reroute dreaming
Oh I'll ride the plain bow in flare gully yellow rain coat
Heard a harp but sunny ways my lifeline searching for the same note
Oh please, I know butterfly wings ain't fit to auction
Dig my tossing sturdy walking head hung
Skylark litigants strung out like cats straight up participants
I am the triant diaries of a low life siphon through that vein
Anti-diligence movement, here the hunger habitat
Working class trash raped where racist hit their high
I spy a toddler on the corner with her bubbles and her dipstick
I witness the fusion of her breath and her amusement
And it killed me and it stabbed me and it cut me clear open
The notion that this child timid in her sins embraced pleasure
Within a token of a moment, retless arrested but not a twirp
Strip the Bonabo Disclosure, so close yet so much closer
I'll take the hint but still she's never known cold
Call me in twenty when those bubbles explode it's like that
Back to back to back to stacking a brick match
With the fact that I've sipped the dripping sap tap
Casually out the limbs of captivated blends back
Tracking the patterns that trim friends to thinning savages
Take one down, pass it round among us
Lick a tipper drink, drink, drunk, drunk, and drunkest
But you quest tore your floorboards and the carpet turned marbles
Naw the carpet turned charcoals and made skeletons of warlords
Snake charmer, hate farmer, gave you the rations
With an eyedropper a poison passions hoist above the masses
And interrupts homeostasis seeming flow scapes
Like a symmetric snow flake visits and with her symmetry blizzards
I'm sleepy, one wing more and I promise to pay homage
To those who stand truly deserving and the list ain't long
Sink or swim, ravalor ascension
Even birds of our combines float if you let them
They'll be dodging more than quiddles when the bowel breaks
Note the affiction slip clip to your little visions into cloud shapes
Oh my left hand is a brick layer my right hand is a plow face
We build and destroy in response to every sound the crowd makes
Sling blanks sprayed it with apathy magic balance
On the palette of the almighty for painting the first half of me
Honor find it with monster mashing in text casually
On the palette of the almighty to paint the second fraction
I'm collapsed under the relic rainbow with seven sepriet
Succulent aqua marines hide the in by sweetest elixir
Star heckler and leaders start gawking at yet another
Real conceived green fetus beating parallel sterile fixture
Urgent, the serge is like venom and over kill, kill, kill, kill
The over spilled theory's all faucet
For real, how many leaves your clover got? Mine's got eight
Three for normalcy one for luck four more so you'll spot it from space
EP:
"Appleseed"
(1999)
"Coward Of The Year" lyrics
"Coward Of The Year"
[the Controls]
Does it feel, you're the coward of the year?
[Percee P]
I'm so laborious, bright,
Its a wreck in dire vocabulary,
Adversaries will commence to ignite like magnesium oxide, canned argon peroxide,
I'm hazardous, more poisonous than carbon monoxide,
Earning stacks gold sterling plaques from burning tracks,
Your learning that if your unconcerned with rap no turning back now,
Man I'll bomb you please from up in the trees
I'll freeze the season with a tighter squeeze than Aaron Cometbus
[Aesop]
Hey yo, One heart plated with purely golden tiles,
Mixed with a little mischief behold style,
Load a back alley shiner liquid
Tomb raider with a most fertile assortment of spitting logic,
'Til lab rats gone colossus in the spotlight,
Now Aesop Rock be the handle while your breath control is tough, to breath along is not enough,
I correspond to a kick snare blind,
but share the passion with but a small percentage of the masses and their fashion
[the Controls]
You got a feeling that you got me where you want me
I've wait within the palm of your hand
And you've got cartoons in the morning while I'm sleeping
I've just got dreams that I don't understand
[Percee P]
Supply the checks, Known from Cali, Chi to Lex
My respect and styles some try to get, but die direct from the side affects,
You crave Perc cause I'm well equip with predicate
your too delicate for this fella flip kid you better get saved first,
called freaks give me no floor feet all sweet small peeks
cause my stocks exchange they bore street still the slick
kicking the illest hits who kill us quick when I build this?
Spit more rounds than Bruce Willis flicks
Ideas and flow raise eyelids that's why kids make hybrid rhymes
supplied with step this God did years ago to grasp a taste
have to place them in a glass case and observe 'em from a Nasa space center with a mask on face
Coward of the year make others fear the way this brother is empowered
I am the bomb, dont try tampering with my brand of style could by stand,
the only witness
[?]
is God's (this guy's) camera taping me
[Singing]
I'm here, Does it feel, You're the coward of the year?
I'm gone too far somebody pull me home, too gone, too far, too gone, too far
[Aesop]
Sadly I withered a non-believer,
When pride covered this must lust, anger, gluttony, envy and sloth
form the frame of your demeanor?
I address but a rapidly lessoning portion of majors
dissolved in the abortion of creations new laborers,
Pilot burner riddle of trades, divinity, composers
and tunnel through and out of spite the anti hero dosage,
In a cradle I label the dreaded simulation we compile,
Tenents embeded within synthetic inclination
We have never dined on bait so when corrupt crooks
hook simple Samaritans' eyes buried in books,
shift on a badda datta sun moon merger to guard the difference,
The New York MC population dancing uncontrollable expansion,
I, cyclothymic pound dodger,
push a wooden nickel towards town squatter bother me not,
My wallow across the village drunk and mumbling in the streets,
'bout how an angel gets its wings with every blue note I release,
An angel gets its wings with every blue note I release?
Could this be lies? Cause I'm gonna spit cobalt 'til every angel flys,
I blew the operation set to clinch victor,
Walkie talkers turn awkward fixtures to complete the wicked mixture,
the fire and ice combination adjourns fresh,
I return with the last living specimen caressed,
When the earth is vacated and the populous cleared,
I'll be the last star fighter sipping a goblet of my tears
album:
"Music For Earthworms"
(1997)
"Winners Take All" lyrics
"Winners Take All"
[Verse 1]
Parachute ratty, one bunk cord now the air is scooped badly
Dripping out the sticks like a twig-tweed hammock
Miter cut the cables for that quick, clean transit
Miser took the big screen; Panic made a business card
Ankle out of whack, painkiller tobacco scrap
We navigate the yellow corn hype for the barn
When the spotlight swiveled hard right over the farm
Post up, 3 cheers for the gimp
Spread thank you (3 on the right)
Limp to the door, splint what he mangles (3 on the left)
Yea I knew the percentages
But the numbers were unaware of the grand finale's emphasis
And over the scent of a thousand dead dogs
Agent Zip-Zooka
[?]
swore to pull it off, GAMEFACE
Walkie-talkies squawking up his hip regarding paratroopers: 20 (Ha!)
Tug a noise/annoys
[?]
box-trigger reporting for hunting
[Chorus]
I have landed safely
I have not recieved my papers
I have zero natural enemies
I don't know my location
I have no training in reconnaissance, combat or colluding
I'm calling for my orders, over
(STRAP ON A HELMET AND START SHOOTING!)
[Verse 2]
[?]
up in a killer horse, numb and bloodthirsty
'Till the uncle spitter beg the pig to hug mercy (Ha!)
240-below shit, kickers tickle the corpses (duck!)
Duck the widow-maker, also manufactures swords (ok...)
Manufactures ornaments, if it moves stick a fork in it
Winners take all, killers rape all coordinates
Unfortunately, courted by the most tenacious gaurdian
Whose aimless nature bait a holler
[?]
taste the martyr's skin
No semper-fide
[?]
(Nope), no saluter units
Soldier the fire is more flesh than sulfer
And when the automatic-jitters wiggle the ribs
I feel so alive it don't matter which bitches litter is clipped (Bang!)
Sun down, goggle up; canteen gobble-juice
Teargas nozzle up, brain buff hostile youth
Chop it up, lock a noose upon it
You will die for the glory of...Shit, I can't put my finger on it
But it's big! Big and legitimate
Justify women and kiddie killer shit, iller it builds
So he is not a natural predator, but can dismantle an AK-47
Clean and rebuild before you can mayday bretheren (Mayday!)
Muddy-gut snake eyes, she approaches cobras with an ugly muck
And bloody Bowie knife clamped in the canines
Wake 'em with that blind military mechanism set to bludgeon
WHAT IS YOUR MAJOR MALFUNCTION!?
[Chorus]
I have landed safely
I have not recieved my papers
I have zero natural enemies
I don't know my location
I have no training in reconnaissance, combat or colluding
I'm calling for my orders, over
(STRAP ON A HELMET AND START SHOOTING!)
I was standing at attention with a pocket full of weapons
And the will to walk a mile in the same fatigues that I slept in
I have yet to find a day in life worthy of my saluting
I'm calling for my orders, over
(STRAP ON A HELMET AND START SHOOTING!)
[Verse 3]
I shimmy up out of the fox
Hold the sword of the only after having logged every cadaver accordingly
High scores keep our Tama-tongs enthralled
(There is no course iller than no course at all)
Okay, if his perspective is smirked, sneaky detective work is aborted
And it's no longer whisper-mode on the red alert
No bed of dirt 'n' sniper rifle peeking out the bunker (uh!)
Now I'm set in city looking for something to puncture
[gunshot]
Help me up, the numbers of the heroes sat at suppers
Treat the public like a tin can, riddled before it plummets (Brrrap!)
But, adrenaline can lead to lazy-eye hassles
So he list the little boy into the pin-up pineapple
[?]
(Heh)
Thats funny...Bumps into the steel-toe
Thats lovely, sum it up in (Oh, hell no!)
And just as fast as the parachute cable snipped
I was rag-doll, horizontal, two limbs short of fixed
Link a baby pulled around the standard issued weaponry
While fading as a blemish in civility's memory
They will step over the body for the looting..
(Ready on the far end line)
(The fuck is that?)
STRAP ON A HELMET AND START SHOOTING!
[Chorus]
I have landed safely
I have not recieved my papers
I have zero natural enemies
I don't know my location
I have no training in reconnaissance, combat or colluding
I'm calling for my orders, over
(STRAP ON A HELMET AND START SHOOTING!)
I was standing at attention with a pocket full of weapons
And the will to walk a mile in the same fatigues that I slept in
I have yet to find a day in life worthy of my saluting
I'm calling for my orders, over
STRAP ON A HELMET AND START SHOOTING!
[SHOOTING!: Repeat till fade out]
EP:
"Fast Cars, Danger, Fire And Knives"
(2005)
"Nickel Plated Pockets" lyrics
"Nickel Plated Pockets"
[INTRO: Vast Aire & Aesop conversing]
Yo, (Alright Ok)
Can I get a quarter or something?
Little hungry, you know what I'm saying? (Alright Ok)
Homeless...
I need a Lucy yo...
(Yo...)
[VERSE ONE]
Walk into the store with a pocket full of nickels
And a city full of horns, jackhammers, and rape whistles
The alley cats manipulate the blocks with gutter magic
Today my heart beats only out of habit
Check it, it's like..
My man Jus used to keep an ox between his teeth
Said he could spit it with pinpoint accuracy if there was beef
We chuckled out loud
Still the thought of it intrigued me, (right)
So now I keep a jackal under my tongue to spit with related reasoning
The earthworm turbulent murder burnout Gerber baby no brain or memoir stardom
Alarmed, pardon the old buzz deader
Robert Crumb ugly dumb image
Barely sprung barely no grimace
Nearly cut cherry blood's picket wrist back in high school (now it's like)
Spy with a millipede pentagon pirate
navigates cities' sump systems
Urbanite turbines
Twisted Pistons
Termites that infect sturdy grillage
There's roaches in the pillars (Spillover)
And crawl across commuter-clean wingtips and loafers
It's the theme park I built
Pocket full of nickels for cigarettes, gum
and milk, bitterness, love, and violence
I'm writing a petition to have smoking as a sport
in the 2002 Summer Olympic Games (wanna sign it?)
Now look, I jux germs draggin a gavel knee deep in a maggot hatchery
Operation capture flag by any means
If this means anything at all, anyway it's a riddle
Walk into the store with a pocket full of nickels
[SEGUE 1: Vast Aire & Aesop Conversing]
Ay uh, yo excuse me (Ay Yo) yo
Can I borrow a dollar or something? (Ah sorry man) nickel?
(Sorry man, I can't help you out dog) Quarter?
Something man? (Yeah I only got enough for like cigarettes and shit man)
Alright man, I see how it is (I'm straight)
[VERSE TWO]
Walk into the store with a pocket full of nickels
And a city full of World Trade Center victim candle vigils
There's anthrax in our mailboxes and Xanax in my tummy
There's a single Spanish female out west traveling the country
Freak of
[?]
league lazer major running bases
Neighborhood watch weasels pacing ugly acres more than often
If I ever make it big, I'm gonna build a skyscraper tall enough to piss on
cloud 9 egos from my corner office
You can't pull the plug on a catapult (nope)
I toss a nickel to a bum's cup from twenty paces thumbs up
Got twenty ways to tell you shut the fuck up
Nineteen of 'em are 24 bars long, the other one goes (SHUT THE FUCK UP!)
And an electronic daddy long legs stay grimy up in your zoning wall
Groveling villagers, trying to hide behind the windmill
I just got in pig-back through subway tunnels with a third rail nearest
While most still try to penetrate the alligator plants (It goes)
Back in the class, throwing pencils at professors
And making barbarellas giggle
That's when life's pleasures were simple
Now it takes a dancing bear jumping through flaming hoops
to even make em buy the god-forsaken single!
Though shall not desecrate the soothing spiral
Altered by a classic cut to vinyl
Find that in the Bible!
My insult Militia'll fix you up
I'll light the pyramid shaped torso
with your hollow numbskull balancing on top
Now if you got a lock and gas mask outside of your own apartment
You could pretty safely quote Shamar
Life's Ill, sometimes Life might kill, sometimes prayers dwindle
Walk into the store with a pocket full of nickels
[SEGUE 2: Vast Aire & Aesop Conversing]
Yo (ay what's up man?) Yo can I ohh...
No..Never mind man (I can't help you out man)
Asshole! (Yo man, I'm trying to help myself out right now)
Fucking asked you for a Lucy and you turned me down (Dog, I'm sorry dog!)
[VERSE THREE]
Walk into the store, same pocket, same nickels
In a city where every crack in the sidewalk's a symbol
Where there's crack in the basement, where there's crack in the slave ships
Where there's crack whores and corrupt pigs killing cats trying to crack cases
My boombox runs on a baboon heart transplant (This is hell!)
I got a poltergeist on a leash trained by Caroline herself
Two Thousand something...
Technology aid itself glutton
Every move I make's from a robot gepetto pressing a red button
It's Vietnam in the fumes
Yes I run with cannibals that bite the hand
that feeds cuz it tastes better than the food
The prickly outer shell's genetic, it helps defense mode
But it also helps to fuck up a couple of sacred friendships
Watch a six legged insect crawl out of the billy goat beard
Watch a sick makeshift bitch threat fall out when the filthy smoke clears
Watch the insect's stinger sting threat till it has sweat a bullet
Sweat a full clip, sweat a river, dead the bullshit, sail away and wither
You're the kind of cat that rolls a pimped out Caddy
dropped with rims and limousine tints bucking Enya
Insert laughter here
I wanna rap a lot and stack cheddar by the fistful
But for now, I walk into the store with a pocket full of huhh...
[OUTRO: Vast Aire & Aesop conversing]
Excuse me man (alright ok)
Can I..Can I borrow a dollar or something to eat?...
(alright ok) I'm..I'm hungry
I'm saying yo...(alright ok) (Look at that..)
I'm homeless man (Look at that bum) (alright ok)
I fought for this country man (yeah)
Sleep on park benches....starvin'
All I need is like a lucy and like a sandwich or somethin' man..
Wiping my ass with the Daily News man...c'mon man..
Sleepin' with squirrels (Oh my god, What are you doing with that squirrel?)
EP:
"Daylight"
(2002)
"Molecules" lyrics
"Molecules"
(That's impossible)
(Come on)
Spoilers
The non bon-voyage stock weaponry and soylents
And whatever stop the voices
Colossal paranoias out to author an abrasive lore
About how war paint won't assure you ain't a painted whore, baby
No ground wires, all jaw froth
Mouth-breathing outliers climb out of mothballs
Wrung stones unsung and alone
Known to run up in the unknown "honey I'm home"
I push a bucket of bolts, assorted death in his wake
I take the hand off the thief, I take the head off a snake
Approach a pen like revolution's just a sentence away
Til then he's documenting cops and watching Heaven decay
It's not a gentleman's game it's a generation braced accordingly
Who know the differences between the cozy and the quarantine
Yes y'all the crestfallen careworn
Air horn, air horn, air horn, air horn
These awful winds
Those grinding gears
This pile o' bones
That's why I'm here
Wild frontier
(Come on)
These violent drums
Those primal fears
This pool of mud
That's why I'm here
W-w-w-w-wild frontier
That's impossible, body's still warm
Scavengers already obsessively knocking on his molecules
I'm catatonic, fat, and outta rocket fuel and ramen
Not a dollar, watching Rocky II in Donatello boxers
At some hot as hell motel in what's supposed to be his Shangri-La
More akin of angry mobs with anchor tats and mangy dogs in vacant lots
Traded any semblance of consistency to play the odds
Not even a baby doll to change his gauze
Not even a hide-away to hide up in
A side effect of sliding environment to environment
Driving isn't simply when the tires spin, try again
Departures and arrivals aren't only time in mileage
Try again again a raider break off from the phalanx
And never look back never cook crack K thanks bye
New York in the rear view then peel...
Out, til he found New York in the windshield
These cursed dogs
Those flying spears
This rancid food
That's why I'm here
Wild frontier
(Come on)
These fleeting hopes
Those vital prayers
This bag of cash
That's why I'm here
W-w-w-w-wild frontier
This was never an effective way to rally insurgents
Or really even the occupation of a rational person
When you write about seclusion and some buyers finally tune in
You get frightened finding happiness can drive away the movement
In a jiffy, just eat your food and keep the future iffy
That fruition's for the viewers who need a loser to pity
Plus an underlying message of a greater disconnection
God forbid he try to live or gain momentum
Mend or pay his penance
You'd rather see him eat a bowl of mouse traps
Surf a thousand couches
Take a jagged little down the hatch
Chowder heads
I know you love the way the failure flounder
Maybe I could be your daily downer
If his brain left his body and was headed for the door
Would you take it in and help it find its way into a jar?
No? fuck it, let him hop around a maze
We can see who's really lost when the schadenfreude fades
These churning seas
Those quiet sneers
This box of parts
That's why I'm here
Wild frontier
(Come on)
These creepy friends
Those dicey dares
This perfect dark
That's why I'm here
W-w-w-w wild frontier
album:
"The Impossible Kid"
(2016)
"Easy" lyrics
"Easy"
I take it Easy
[Verse 1]
Upside down, I pick wigs for beetles
Pry 'em out and pin 'em to the polar of the see-saw
Sofa cobra shimmy out crater
Cradle my weight in double wishbone suspension
Versus AM clock radio bangers
Downside up in cripple acres and still the fountainhead
Spittle sniglets quicker than quidditch seekers snatch golden snitches
You could be a part of it
Just park your bark at 20 paces
Hold this target and we'll call this bitch a partnership
Man, the city bred the brittle cheapo
Little Lego people squeezing little Lego Polaroid in keyhole
Media breather needy burrow to hide all
While you friends and neighbors press stethoscopes to the drywall
Curl a worm tongue tight, bitten behind the vamp chopper foaming
Lamb choppy sock puppet fear and loathing
Need phoners a.s.a.p. to build careers out of misquoting
So I read Aesop interviews and get schooled on my own motives
It's a pocketful of nickels, like Cool Hand Luke decapitating
Parking meters when the pigs blew the whistles like windmills
I went to jail overnight for putting a sticker on a phone booth
Now in the time that you did the paperwork
How many'd the rapists merk?
Panicky banister silver surf over the wobbles where the potholes
Be the ulcer in the stomach of the God show
You blinded by the light you might just plummet through the cosmos
Meet Apollo sandman function before the whore hit the high note
[Chorus]
I take it easy, the ice is thinning in the valley of the jeep beats
And when the freaks come out I hug a TV
Somehow a channel zero bender's less creepy, it's bliss
Repeat with a twist...Easy
When every martian in the market holler feed me
The all city opinion spicket leaky
You learn more when your mouth piece retreat, it's bliss
Now listen to this...oh OK
All day every day, oh all right, all night every night
[Verse 2]
Whose capitain gon' spew stale venom? Not mine...
I hug a hammock in the bedlam
And when the potentially lucrative race horse gets deaded
I'll wake up for a second to help the betters count their blessings
But I cannot cratchet crutch the Ebenezer limbs much longer
Flaccid flimsy songbirds, classic dizzy wrong turns
For the long term got a dragon all achy
Torn between the lending of a helping five knuckles
And a charter your own escape
Now it's like, sufferin' succotash, bucko, ducks in the chuckle patch
10-4 on that, stinger opinion, wingman double back
Fuck it, Let him roam the home of the mange ridden emaciated
Slave pain cave children game
Not all players heal the same, learn it or don't learn shit
My radio is on regardless
I tune out pardons and tune in starlets
Carbon and pre-David/Goliath live Paleolithic bias
Who walks on all fours dragging the cadaver of King Midas
Now it's Thor dwarf war hammers, Elvin bow and arrow aimers
Documentation of the rate at which narrow tapers
Hermit crab, honest cat, trying to raise the roof in my own TV room
And still get the security deposit back
Call Ripley, skippy, motorhead dope fixture on some go to bed no dinner
Hold your head cold winter
Ease up out of the ghastly, desert dozer cliques stranded on cloud 8
Proud of their pogo sticks, I stay left
Along came a spider, sprung and alert, I stay def
He makes records with his tongue in the dirt
Suffer the dirty earth crisis with a license to flirt
Buffer the mighty tighty sequins with a price on the mersh
Covert Mr. Blizzard shoulder, he always acts all pissy
Plus your friend said I was an asshole when he met me
No bad moods aloud when you're in the public eye
Kill it, you are the weakest link, goodbye
[Chorus]
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"Cook It Up" lyrics
"Cook It Up"
Cook it up, Spooky, Salute, Look
'Zook'll hook it up to shoop the local Wendy Cooper loopy
Low brow, low brim, she asked me, "What's the name?"
I flashed the grossest fang in show biz
Young Valkyrie's open, "What's yours?"
"Um, Jenny, um..."
body clocked in a ten-penny sum
Sprung colossal, miss, may I process your Pentium?
But Ae is hesitating, "My princess,
The pigeon holing roles that your predecessor's lunacy in the kismet"
Her eyes googled back as that of one unfortunate breed
Plus a new kink in the posture
"Just don't get all barnacley
Or Get P.T. Barnumed in 3D THX sound stereo dismissal
Sorry hun, it's just the last few have been a fistful
Like, like, them girls you bump into out dumb luck
get high innocently kiss once when she's punch drunk
Watch her misinterpret the moment tongues touch
Crazy Miss Cling-a-lot claim instant one love
And you gotta beg your friends to take 'em off your hands like thumbcuffs
Or them barbies you'll vibe for a sexy second (lovely)
Give it a month; Hyde Heckles Jekyl and she makes Hitler look cuddly
But Jenny in the sky with emerald eyes
You're so different, so delicious, so the fish
I'd be willing to walk the limb with!
So let's just get a few things out the way: (okay)
I'm clinically bonkers and hate just about everyone God's great earth offers
I won't be getting dressed up to impress your family, dear
And if I can't wear jeans and sneakers then I won't be lamping there
Nope, aggro-pimp, sinfully, finicky nova, back it up no-diggity soldier
Magic-touch fingertip donor
Own up to your dirty debutant animalistic instincts
Ritual courting dance and breeding behaviours (like what?)
Like, "I dream of Jeannie and fucking her obscenely"
But Jenny could be Jeannie so easily if you'd let me
Hell, the bad tact daddy-o Merlin-- 'e' for effort
Most of these high-post Fabio world motherfucks make my head hurt
Dead up-- I got death in the skull but you'll get used to it ma
Dinner and cinema, yes, just cough the bread up
Sure, he schleps with naked pockets but I carry dreams
Like I wanna be an astronaut after you marry me"
(WHAAAAT??)
"You're rushing this I feel smothered it's crowding me awfully, dolly
I love you, Get the fuck off me! Sorry." (Call me)
And I'm circling her like a tiger shark frenzied but friendly
"I'm cool, how you feeling Jenny?" (Jenny) Jenny (Jenny) Jenny
"So quiet, ooh I like that, so mysterious, I dig it
The way you haven't made eye contact with me once in ten minutes
I'm just saying girl, I'm dirty-dog raw vintage mixed with mega-low society
Mister gutter-fuck etiquette, try me
So there it is.. game. I mean it's not like I'm sweating you
'Cause when it comes down to it, most y'all females are the same
But now it's your turn baby, spit it out
"Okay," she punched me dead in the fuckin mouth and walked away
Watch out ladies cause you know he don't love ya
Bazooka Tooth is one bad motherfucker
He's a low life pimp with a low life game
He needs a no life dame with a strobe light frame
Cook it up now..
No ring on the finger
There ain't no strings attached
But if you love television and
manic depression
Get a carton of cigarettes
And we can make it happen
Get to mackin'
Just leave your bag up on the curb with the trashcan
It ain't like I seen you in maxim
Relax with the tap dance
Lights, camera, lap dance
Cook it up now..
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"Merit" lyrics
"Merit"
All right
I can hear the ocean in a shell, but,
for the life of me, I never heard your surges
more than raindrops in a well.
Paladin tribe, break beat elitists.
Element five, fully sold on operation,
jeopardised on my survival.
I will survive when sprayed by heavens liquid ammunition,
I'll survive when betrayed by my brethren's wicked ambitions,
I'll survive when grated with shut-eye sticky thickets and thorns,
born clutching a fistful.
It hurts: morbidly blissful,
forms spiraling.
Sovereigns bring the rise from the funnel;
a chorus line of blind crazes
tap the water, find the tunnel.
As skinny clique mechanics flock to block pick of the land,
we stretch the earth around the canvas
dragging stick in the sand
and pan the hell out!
Amid your tireless bold,
behold that iris spits clips
subtly on supremacy, therefore, blemishes me.
Oh, the treacherous penalty centers me, renders me vague,
skating slalom through this churning murder columns
I am not entirely trained to undo the shame,
and all I got's three pennies and a rusty mic unto my name,
unto my game, the father Siamese approach
to whose delinquent dichotomy
cops Emerald City in wonderous novelty.
Drink drum, sip a snare to spit a rigid sequence,
that's when freak sons Fade to Black,
like these pretty pink lungs, slugger.
Paper dolls facade as swash buckler. (yeah)
Bounty hunt the front to document the frosh cluster.
I am structure with a smoke ring, militant distinction
with a cloak-and-dagger stagger prime directive,
and all else burrows itself amongst drunken perspective. (c'mon)
Fade me. I flee the scene,
grippin' the missing link
like chain gang escapees.
(I'm sayin')
BUILD ME (me)
KILL ME (me)
We cadets hold determination
as property undeniably divine;
we leak passion for the noise.
There is not a track to cherish
from he who lacks merit.
And all I think about's the motion,
exerted to color mavericks alerted.
Herd a billion nervous lost child prodigies home to flourish.
Now taciturn facets burn open to yield malarkey navigator
when wrestled on fancy driftwood out the vessel
and I settle.
A conquest:
stamp it,
label it
fresh. (fresh)
I, in turn, apply policies which require intrinsic merit. (uh)
Try to wallow down these yellow bricks with yesterdays appendix on hold;
spot it like sky horizon, exposed to bar-codes.
Load your fantasy.
Interject a bad dream candidly,
blue in the face, through in the chase
between myself and fame's embrace.
Face engaging,
presence resonant with
chiaroscuro atmospheric traps
inhabit the land of denied clearance.
(yeeah)
Pigeon hold styles, drop similar.
The course the corpse patients
lacing non sequitur's that spittle off the chin. (spittle of the chin)
Upon the recognition, pilot soften up the grin
spinning me dizzy, cold. Bending my city to hold water.
Yeah, we got affiliates. Cadet merit and brilliance.
Clever corporal
[?]
king-thing, crooked
I shrink, I sink into my book.
It's, like, fury blew the scaffolding askew,
and tainted curiosities allowed the freak show to continue.
Forty thieves received the cue: commence blending a plan (yeah and that was spooky)
and decorate the dusk like henna to hand.
We unknowingly sketched the pentagram by sending clans
of caffeinated couriers upon a quest to run the perfect circle around a star.
Bizarre pattern with a bad vibe
like Jafar to Aladdin;
pardon the carbon-based blaze
amongst the stagnant trend frenzy,
it offends me.
Wait, ain't it the liquid soul therapy?
I sip to grip a stationary pillar
yet we slipped these boogie nights,
sucked wattage from rookie lights.
Now you proud.
I'ma be there when you rush in,
just to touch the mushroom cloud.
Drink failure
Lord have mercy on their dreams...
pretty pixels tend to trickle down the screen.
Know what I mean? (I scream)
BUILD ME (me)
KILL ME (me)
We consider fresh soundplay we seek frighteningly close to extinct.,,
My life line is an assignment:
to feed the arts my spirit and to bleed merit
The conclusion is subtle:
Huddled amongst hermitic gutter-bugs,
peasants, and drunks,
junkies to critics,
sick dictators, haters,
kings to alley urchins,
monarchs, narcs to liars
circling the wild fires, (fires)
live wires; I tend to plan an action less than orderly
in, with an otherwise uncommonly primer to normalcy torn, (torn)
these trades fade as cadavers due to conflicting data matter.
First heard as remarkable is now labeled as unmarketable.
Damn, thorn in my side...
Now the high five hives despised from feedings of alien seedlings, retreating...
Burst the threshold, make the vessel capsize,
then the hollering's of buoyant survivors
treading evoke dreaded Leviathan!
Dead it.
Headed to crunch the world of MC etiquette
by dismantling mics prior to passing towards degenerates.
How do you like that settlement? You feel that?
A maverick like myself bottles the creativity
till the cocoon naturally peels back.
This little light of mine shines
at a hundred billion times
the magnitude of every star
within an ample sky sample.
I alerted
my sole crusaders
to trade the games;
prescribed them strict diets of DDT and Kelthane
It fester when ingested,
Glorious vellum
addressing helots to zealots,
to Jezebel's to hellish felons,
granted my span of attention is not what it used to be,
but most of y'all delinquents ain't amusing me no more...
Get Merit.
album:
"Music For Earthworms"
(1997)
"Drawbridge" lyrics
"Drawbridge"
[Aesop Rock and Dose One:]
This is not your ordinary ballad
With a perfect little bow around the middle
And a black knight on a white horse
Or a white knight on a black horse
It's got all these tired parts where
We don't even sing at random
Princess, raise the drawbridge
We don't serve your kind
It ends where it begins
And the beginning isn't pretty
Can't forget that not-so-perfect
Bow around the middle ('round the middle, 'round the middle)
And it goes a little something like this...
[Aesop Rock:]
Moon walking a broken soul pedigree incessant
Gut the cruddy frame
The zealots enveloped inside the belly of the blame
Cut-throats the result of pulp jokes soaked in poacher constants
And not a jewel amidst coal, wander prominent... honor (honor)
I barter silkworms by the bucket like starter kits
Sew your first martyr stitch
Join damaged mammoth brigading caper
Nurse the tantrum with a fantasy chaser
I keep a spare wing strapped to my fuses
In case the hackers snatch the plumage
[Dose One:]
So you mean these things are worth money now
Drifting off this is the who you calling homeless
Mighty fearful twisted and tonight I got front row
Tickets to the dead concert and your in it
Icabod running out of morals for my allegory... moseying
And my kind of people will sell only circles...
With my eyes patched in a not so new universe
So I beckon and bray but pretty bird just ain't muting the many
[Aesop Rock:]
Oh it'll be soon, Balloon immune to doom blend
I ain't ditchin' the kitchen til every spoon bends
A glance along tomorrow's sorry looking lot of hopefuls
Was the rain dance my little flint never dreamed would flutter potable
I sanitize nothing for the sake of contemporary taste
Contemporary taste made my lip drop in the first place. Incoming .
You wanna be a czar?
Idolize fallen heroics, recognize root of the worship
Search and hold it.
Who put the fun in dysfunctional?
I, prodigal son combustible
Donkey punchin' pinholes in uncomfortable
Zen conjuctionals for good.
The bear cubs slob a goblet of dirt wine
I nurse a single application of introvert serpentine
[Dose One:]
A sunset without a scrape of red plastic bag
Noise sunk down around his head sick, sick, sick... stealing a peak
There's a sickness in the roofer's eyes
And his alone and nothing terrible happened to the bag
Wrongs spilled off in and brought on out the clouds
The hiss cut's out spills it's voice into me and the window
Full of star is fresh kept from where I'm going
Or the other only other way art.
[Aesop Rock:]
I've got charcoals in my heart, I've got charcoals in my heart
I've got charcoals by the armfuls that burn my armor apart
I've got charcoals in my heart, but I've got charcoals in my heart
I've got charcoals by the armfuls that burn my armor apart
[Dose One:]
And before, when I said
"Shut the fuck up, it's none of your business"
That was to be in vein
Be sure to lock that up when you're all finished... uhh
Well you see I usually finish this number with my skull open
[Aesop Rock:]
Everybody rally round the novel burner, spit, murder the matches
Where the junkies trade diseases and the gullible trade passions
Now the masses wanna lean on me like 'Oh Captain, my Captain'
Not considering maybe this orphan hosts morbid attachments...
[Dose One:]
"Button, button, who's got the button"
Take my name... please...
Leaks the little gentle-man
Made out of lightning inside my lock box
Oh, you like to help with coats
Wait until you see what I got in this here locket
[Aesop Rock and Dose One:]
This is not your ordinary ballad
With a perfect little bow around the middle
And a black knight on a white horse
Or a white knight on a black horse
It's got all these tired parts where
We don't even sing at random
Princess, raise the drawbridge
We don't serve your kind
It ends where it begins
And the beginning isn't pretty
Can't forget that not-so-perfect
Bow around the middle ('round the middle, 'round the middle)
album:
"Float"
(2000)
"Coffee" lyrics
"Coffee"
[Chorus:]
We don't need no walkie-talkies
Nope, no walkie-talkies
We don't need your coughing when offing the morning coffee, no
We don't need no walkie-talkies
Nope, no walkie-talkies
We just want our hermitry to stay and our coffee to go
[Verse 1: Aesop Rock]
And the last shall be...
First to immerse in the pass-out heat
Face in the mud where the moxie melt
Till he woke up drowning in Tchotchke hell
More in a cave with a torch on the wall
Than a window arrangement of porcelain dolls
On a brand new day, saw what he saw:
Property owners who crawl to the mall
With a bad toupee and a face like he authored a law;
Pace like he mourning a loss
Right hand on a can of worms
Left full of gold he will trade for turf
I mean, that's okay
You got to answer to you at the end of the volatile day
But a model of mercy and might? No way!
Marionette who will clap and obey!
Dude, look... all that noise?
Call that flight of the water boys
Meet and greet and they all slap five
Cheek to cheek when they colonize
And a grown ass man shall abide as he wish
Walk that path with a dime and a stick
Walk that path with a diamond and wine
Walk that path to the firing line
Just walk... (walk...)
Pay no mind to the new recruit with the Play-Doh spine
Let's be friends from opposite ends
Wave to the kid, don't hop on the fence
Play to the radius far and away
Orbit wide, don't park in his space
One little martyr who talk in his face
Make one little Weathermen sharpen the blades
[Chorus:]
We don't need no walkie-talkies
Nope, no walkie-talkies
We don't need your coughing when offing the morning coffee, no
We don't need no walkie-talkies
Nope, no walkie-talkies
We just want our hermitry to stay and our coffee to go
[Verse 2: Aesop Rock]
And the last shall be...
First to the curb with the mad cow meat
Face in the bars of a regular cell
When he woke up high in collectible hell
Boom town kid who was taught by the binge
That a man who expire with the most shit win
That's warpy American nonsense penned by the rich
Not a routine friend in a pinch
Still not used to the stench
How it throws off, otherwise, lucid events
In the case the afraid observe
I got a Pro-Keds box full of layman's terms
It goes, "Hey! Peace! Pray for the plagued!
Major relief and capacious rains."
But just 'cause I don't want to war with you
It don't mean go warm up the barbecue
I'm like, "Pardon you!"
Sawed off limit
My high noon is a quick little minute
I don't wanna spend it sitting with a critic
Who simply isn't going to ever really get it
This HQ is alive and alone
No driveway no sign of a home
No dial tone, no line for the phone
No "World's Tiniest Violin Song."
And I might just lie to them all
Lie in the morgue with a deep breath hiding and bored;
Fighting a smile, highly annoyed
When the timing is right I will rise and record
Call for the monster beats
And Blockhead got animal drums, like he's Doctor Teeth
It goes red light, green light, one, two, three
One large coffee, fuck you, peace
[Bridge:]
T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S
T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S
T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S
T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S
T-A-K-E-N-O-P-R-I-S-O-N-E-R-S
[Verse 3: John Danielle]
I crawled down to the basement when the weather got cold
Like a lost lamb returning to the fold
And when the outside world recedes from view
It's just a year's supply of make-up and memories of you
Nineteen sixty-seven, colt forty-five
Holding back the vampires, keeping me alive
There's an envelope with some cash in it out by the front door
This is what they make you take the medication for
album:
"None Shall Pass"
(2007)
"Ruby '81" lyrics
"Ruby '81"
July 4th, 1981, candles of a Roman ilk
Unloaded from a chevy truck
Into the home her folks had built
Patio was charcoals and extended fam in folding chairs
Safely arced around the yard to focus on the smoking flares
Couple cousins, uncles, aunts, mostly grown-ups, couple brats
Baby Ruby's only two
She's too close to the jumping jacks
Mommy scoops her to the house
Buckles up the booster seat
Rolls her to the storm door
Let her long for all the lunacy
Telephone distracting Mom
Ruby wriggles out her strap
Fingers push the plexi-glass
She's off into the sour patch
Past the pyrotechnics undetected and invisible
Woke the sleeping beagle skipping toward the kidney swimming pool
Off into the yawning blue
The splash would mum the rocket-ships
Ruby's lungs were filling by the time her kin were cognizant
Many sprung and sprinted down
All arrive belated but
The beast she had earlier stirred had been alert since waking up
Canine let his gainer fly
Water top commotion grow
Howling guests assumed the cloven hoofs had come to do-si-do
Frenzied and congested deck
Part to let the elders see
Soggy beagle gently dragging Ruby in his yellow teeth
Laid the tiny body in the sun before her Father's feet
When she choked the liquid through her bluish lips he dropped his knee
Helped the air to reconvene
Towel his shaking Ruby off
EMT confirm the save
Everybody say
"Good dog! "
album:
"Skelethon"
(2012)
"Lazy Eye" lyrics
"Lazy Eye"
(Super fresh)
My spirit animal comes with a pretzel bun
Troll of the treadmill
Record on the Kessel Run (allegedly)
Edgy from elevensies to megabucks
Techies with the treble down
This is how we level up
Dead meat, time travel, pressure, and disease
Ass ushered out of two fingers pecking at the keys
The coping mechanism in his LMNOPs
Went from healthy to unhealthy to a hell he never leaves
Cineplex jesus, curse at the curly fries
Mullin' over Chuck D, telling me, "Diversify"
I'm at the SuperCuts supin' up the wardrobe
Forecast looking like Ganesh on four phones
"Hello, hello, hello, hello"
Base camp, space camp
Bass in your face-fuck, brace for the rain dance
Back in the back of the classroom
After a magical nap in a vacuum
Act natural, whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that
Ah (Fresh)
Before climbing douchebag mountain, I was skate or die
Started eatin' kale and came to terms with my lazy eye
Puttin' on the yoga lady, cuttin' off the cable guy
Whistle while you're waiting for your condition to stabilize
AV cables everywhere, every piece of vinyl scratched
Mentholated tiger balm, Aleve with the arthritis cap
Irons in the niacin, iron choir riot masked
Unabashed privacy expanding into simulcast
40 winks, never the same adventure
Refreshing with a sing-a-long of stexicism ever
In the end, gotta wonder if it's even worth the effort
No stairways into heaven, you can step into the Escher
Some people have mistaken my allegiance for a weakness
It fucked me up for eons, I wish there was a theist
The type that fake his death then forget he faked his death
Show up on TV, in the crowd at the AVNs, like...
Act natural, whatever that means for ya
Whatever that
(Fresh)
Sometimes I feel my heart putrefying inside my body
From diary of the dark to piety in the ponzi
On my better days and then mingle and walk off into the poppy
On my worst, work is overshadowed by the monty
Had to buy some clothes that fit me
And pretend I like agave
With a promise to his congress not to compromise the motley in him
Maybe I should kinda sorta move to Mars
I'm feeling kinda done, too many moving parts
The piss poor vision is forty percent floaters
The kitchen is a chorus of glorious leftovers
The friends you confessed all the dark shit to
Would weaponize the information before we could send roses
And they want a little pearl in how he got to where we at
I can't remember where I am, I feel it's probably a trap
Balk with the lawless, cough in his notes
Walk on even when the walls hug his coat
Oh and act natural, whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
Whatever that means for ya
(Fresh)
album:
"The Impossible Kid"
(2016)
"Coma" lyrics
"Coma"
"We now present to you...music"
[cut up]
"Music to make you stutter"
[Aesop Rock]
I've been a biplane dog fighter Henson invention
Trooper burst result of Dragon Ball Z/Speed Racer gene splicing
Mach force, blind the extorted style from the common dirty
Destiny dream sighting, important as split the prints
God shit the planet screaming "What on Earth is that?"
I sit back five dimensions
Only to muscle the overcooked specimen
Fending tragic fatality successful dodging violets
All hail Mary and hello dollies!
I flow ridiculous, indigenous to now
Who holds the fifth golden ticket?
Saw the wicked war phantom mansion beyond the pickets
The house next door to when the stickball clears the fence
Y'all hesitate to fetch it!
I was walking through a pinball tilt built landscape
Terradactle circling turtle
I bite the bullet in a wingspan shadow
Suck and rust the oxygen gulps
And spit the metal directly back up the barrel
We icegrill the silhouettes (right)
The common decency factors a lowball estimate of zero
My testament is striking b-boy stances
Dancing past the foggy mirror
With wipes clean the billy goat beard, camoflague the spirit
I'm at six degrees of sexy sarcasm
Yeah never swam up inside summerjam classic
Under the bed backwards bastard
Scaverning the carnival grounds for an outlet
WHO THE FUCK IS AES ROCK?
I'm not a name to keep at arms length
Adjacent to little ? quilt makeshift
Sick security mechanism, check your mission
I am not a vision, check your mission
Just a simple sourpatch delinquent
No it will not help you shove your Lincoln
[Chorus 2x]
I alone settle
I alone peddle in the mud
I alone, I condone rebel zone planting
I alone stand in a social coma
All up to your dome, follow I alone
"Now you see me, now you don't"
[Method Man]
[Scratches]
[Aesop Rock]
Well he was maverick enough but still scraped up
Taki 183 innovation for the kids
Brick foot ironlung honor
Escape through the night like a disgruntled teen Krylon bomber
Without a care inside from posting the roster
Mal-adjusted blank faced civilian dispersed feelings
Reeling in several separate defunct fame-booster modules
This nervous twitch mark the most delectable ingredient
See Aesop starving troops in cell blocks with strap-on feeding bins
(More like) Like I'd auction off a fuck for that blind cause you ride in
I'd rather find the floors and watch you hide them
Feel the haggered look penetrate brain castle
Blasting clear out the back of this batches sour wind collection
(FLASH FLOODER!)
You're a fuckin wind-up toy
A goddamn four string criminal trading card
The reason they decorate the fonts of closing credits
To boost on-looker amusement after fading hard
Catch more Z's than Rip Van Winkle's 12 Step Narcolepsy Seminar
The action, we all compete the masked illusion
The commonfolk, I provoke em all
Challenge thirty balance
I alone pour talent while they fidget
If the revolution ain't gon' be televised
Then fuck, I'll probably miss it
[Chorus 2x]
album:
"Labor Days"
(2001)
"Get Out Of The Car" lyrics
"Get Out Of The Car"
I see how y'all be trying to front, man y'all be fronting, man
Been a bit since Mu died
Been a lot more loss in the wake
I recall thinking some day someone's gonna say it's all from the same cause and effect
And I just couldn't fathom
Blaming a whole new page on a made-up chain reaction
Each claim individual peaks and pockets
Pains and a slew of unique nuances
Nahmean?
When you wake up 8 years non-responsive
It's a lot to process
Gone from a happier jack-in-the-box
To a package of clogged up chakras
Oh shazbat
Not the "ever after" he wanted from the "once upon a time"
Dot, dot, dot
Once upon a time he was so much more than a punchline for his own potshots
Ah, Watch the Impossible Kid
Everything that he touch turns promptly to shit
If I zoom on out I can finally admit
It's all been a blur since Mu got sick
None of the subsequent years stood a chance
Whether you his moms or his mans
Whether you his pops or his girl
I was poison, heart full of canines, head full of voices
Whole life trying to quiet 'em down
Like a suicide king with a knife in his crown
Hounds at bay, but they just won't stay
True friendship in a tugboat way
A go dark in the face of the fucked, when the fucked was a friend I was basically done
Into the woods go his alien tongue
It was that or a textbook faking of funk
And I can't
Here go the hindsight
8 years been one long blindside
I could pinpoint 7 more turns that occurred cuz he never really healed from the first
Oh what a world
Any hack is a myth, any dap is a joke
Any map is a trick, any graph is a hoax
Ease on down, I'm burning up, I'm bleeding out
Knowing ain't half the battle
That's a bullshit quip written by some asshole
You can own what you are
And still sit around stoned in your car
Not doing shit, halfway to nill
Cranky and waiting for a boss key and hat full of bills
Get out the car, Aes
album:
"The Impossible Kid"
(2016)
"Hot Dogs" lyrics
"Hot Dogs"
We're so excited, we don't know what to do
Because we're about to reenter the level above humans
I couldn't of had a better life than I've had in since 21 years
And if it was good here, I know it is going to be good-twice as good when I get up there
This isn't a troubling circumstance, don't take it as that-it is just a gateway, just a drawing
W-What we're doing is we're going home
We're going home to those individuals who sent us here to do this task, and this is the happiest and joyous thing that you can...
Alright
Raised on dirty hot dog water and popcorn butter
EPMD tellin' me every popstar a sucker
Don't let him smell the pot stickers, he'll stick around for supper
He'll stick around for cheese cake, then three days, then the summer
Where spiders eat their mothers, where rodents eat their young
I'm not here to make sense where there is none, that's dumb
My attitude is ghastly, any gallant tree been going gone
I think I'm probably a lot like dating Mola Ram, I should work on that
The geezer not a leader I'm a loner
Lover, believer, upholder of the under
Just not a people person, please forgive me if I'm flustered
I'll save a thousand whales before your grits are even buttered
My name is Aesop Rock, I've been a mess for my entire life
All I know is fight or flight, what the fuck is a silent night?
Who the fuck are you to tell me who the fuck you even are
This is more than band aids over itsy-bitsy bleeding hearts
This is GNR announcing Jesus Christ on lead guitar
Finding Heather Hunter still inside your college VCR
Mirror mirror on the wall, I feel like a fucking dog
Something this depraved is not a product of a loving god
Periwinkle Pegasus through rat-infested LEGO bricks
Hug his mother briefly, then we're off to see the exorcist
I will not be checking messages
Why, should I be?
Special is as special does, you aren't special just because
Yes your mother said you was, that's pretty much what mothers does
Someday I might find a pluck to roam the Earth with zero strings
Cut the tether float this feather over eastern seaboard winds, forever
Like seaboard kings invested in the the froth and fog
They'll talk of his adventuring and call him things like salty dog
He freed like a bajillion prisoners from some secret haunted bog
Always had an L to puff, never yelled "Get off my lawn!"
Full disclosure I don't even have a lawn
If I did I'd probably grow the grass until the house was gone
Kick into the town forget the address or the house at all
This is how performance art exacerbates an albatross
I should maybe shake some hands
I should turn the music down
Have some people over without asking them to move a couch
But, since you're here I got this awful futon I could do without
Should take like two seconds...
"Labor" lyrics
"Labor"
"This is labor"
[echoes]
[sample cut and scratched]
[Aesop Rock]
Who put the monkey wrench in well oiled prefectionist emblem
Just to watch these moniters spit white noise
through your office space auto made
I infect knowledge gene pool dissented cloud clusters
Brushing dust mites off your starborn all revolution sound jugglers
Delinquent fan for brick habitat bob, weave, stick, move fence
and put somewhere in the middle for slick invention
This years brain crop spread spectacular
I ain't mad at cha don't stay mad at the caliber
I twist characters like twist characters
Talley up the alley cat aggresion
in this Doug E. Fresh infested mess up bassline lust
An automatic B-boy krylon can't combust circuits
Working these war picked cyphers
with head striker stability and kamakazi chivalry
I alone noble in a warm food feud
Walking ten generations ain't nobody asking for your patience
Who ranned off but only meet to face the fact
that I knew myself and didn't have to ask nobody else
(Talk about labor) Fantastic planet urchin puting work in
Searching for pertinent verse minus the murderous diversions
Apologies won't lore me to the communal sob story
nor would I sacrifice lifestyle to benefit jewerly temperament
This whole Green Goblin webcutter butts up against
crayola daydream landscapes spittin bedlam, Datum
Charge the villagers nickles and nicotine
to watch them fed to undiscreniled crack at the high noon
(We sell popcorn, beer and balloons!)
I got an echelon this gon be the one children bicker over
And start warriors vs. baseball fury element
to glitches mode of century development
I am a star really! The big bang bastard's back
with a one way ticket to Beat Street
This soil is like relevent to human concept
plot the man ratios man learning, I work past the service
I work on what I love, I work the service on my vertince
And I work till this here little flat line closes the curtains
[beat plays with some scracthing]
album:
"Labor Days"
(2001)
"We're Famous" lyrics
"We're Famous"
[El-P]
I brought that genuine shit in '96
Before you knew the underground or independent existed
I watched the whole scene straight jump on the dick
After stepping to KCR lit and flexing my shit
No gun talk, no gimmicks, just rounds of raw-dogging
Dirty dusty intelligent wit and word murdering
A hardcore poetic informed without burglary
Potent and shook the shit out of rappers who just learned of me
Everytime I prescribe a new pill, revolution
Quickly defined the standard for indie rap distribution
Arrogant unafraid shit developed riding a train thinking of brain fucks
"Bad Touch Example" that soon became bucks
Had everybody sprung wondering where I came from
Screaming out "Independent as fuck" with an insane tongue
With an indelible squad of design monsters
Innovating the styles that made biters look like imposters
So we scripted an album and signed to Rawkus
Selling a hundred thousand without a radio chart hit
Imposterous sonics taking the world hostage
Classic hip-hop bombage dirty with style progress
Now I've come from the '80s juvenile Brooklyn
Where cats was like: "Gimme that subway pass, kid. Good lookin."
Now someone else is taking a ride with what's mine
So I had to develop styles with a death device cooked in
So when I battled in basements I had eight sentences
Waiting way before the four you had laced in
And I was taught to wait patient (Why?)
Only faggots make shit up just to get famous
So when I finally blew up I remained sick
Earning respect in ghettos and 'burbs for word placement
Back when the independent scene remained faceless
We were the only crew who promised your ass we'd take it
Mold it, shape it, living outside the matrix
Hold it, make it, more than miniature major labels
Hold it sacred, living it for the culture
Told ya plainly, protected it from the vultures
That's why I always get respect from true soldiers
While half of the critics claim it every year: "Hip hop's over."
FUCK YOU, hip hop just started
It's funny how the most nostalgic cats are the ones who were never part of it
But true veterans'll give dap to those who started it
Then humbly move the fuck on and come with that new retarded shit
New slang, new thought, new sound
Who's heart you thought you had?
You clown, you don't, you drown
I won't dumb it down, I'm dumbing now for these rounds
I'm a live mothefucker plus I'm gunning for clowns
You're mine motherfucker, don't be coming for pounds
So you can break out of that invisible box, you're not down
My favorite ones are the ones who started that young rap about
Comic books, spaceships, and Obi-Quan one
And even though they were soft they had fun
But they couldn't break out the frame of the town they came from
Some of these faggots used to send me their demos
I'm keeping their puppy styles in the Company Flow kennels
But since they had no identity from the start
They started to resent the scene when they couldn't become a part
They've been failing for years and call themselves Vets, that's bold
Motherfucker, you're not a Vet you're just old
I'll slap the shit out of you to continue my nerve racket
Making this money fist over fist, fuck what you heard
Jukie cats talk about boom bap and golden ages
Patting themselves on the back for making that new outdated shit
I've been putting out vinyl since '93 and never looked back once
And ya'll trying to chase me
You don't innovate because you can't innovate
It's not a choice despite what you might tell your boys
Keep your identity crisis under the table
I always knew who I was and I'll always be more famous
[Aesop Rock]
Check it
For the best in the vendor biz
1-800-Lazerface
Leave the last CE-Offer crabs and buy them Hatorade
Dig it, daddy dug his own tunnel under the gutters where the numbers bleed
Hunters froze up and exposed Rapunzel weeds
Tugboat, tug up through that brutal dirt first
The fuedals fuming oodles, it was right under your poodle skirt
Welcome to Bazooka Works, halogen halo eyesore
The revolution will not be apologized for
Warbucks exlex megaphone on the fashion piggy pageant
While my dick's raw-dogging a style magnet
Fraggle rock your four figure watch
I clock ninety-nine cent wristbands
And still know the time when you record flops
Now this is on a sick with it factor
Exhibit A, E, F, Genesis of the klepto reactor
Wanna burgle the buzz over definitive cash
After a life of labor camps starts paying innovators back
Baby, you ain't felt the collective? (Coooool)
Stop running bases with little bears under the wing of punchdrunk butter makers
That engine sputters while the hound dogs wire cutter mechanical rabbit
Bantam weight puppies ain't rabid enough to snatch him
Pockmark ninety Moses approach with a golden focal point
Come soak in it, resume sturdy composer soldier bliss
Wrong name by a molar can often expose your phobias
Watch a cobra grow hands to hold his own tongue when he notices
All city legity critter, bark with me
All filthy documents, cats piss on their kittie litter moccasins
Welcome to mi casa, Monsters Inc, dropping bangers out the rocket ships
Your own private apocalypse
[El-P]
Honor it
[Aesop Rock]
For fuck's sake
[El-P]
Original
[Aesop Rock]
Wild fly
You wanna read the nile?
I twitch easy reader
[El-P]
Father it
[Aesop Rock]
I will, dog
[El-P]
Original
[Aesop Rock]
Wide open with banged out cutlery from a slang mouth teacher
And money is an ugly god we all fall for
I got land mammal, cannibal, natural evolving squawk box
That means when I wake up and decide to comprise the new shit
It's not some watered down version of what my favorite crews did
Puff the magic komodo bitch
Rappers stuffed komonos and shark fame at a perfect working unit
Look, I'm done
B-boy, feed that to the needy
Shut your liquor hole, fuck you in 3D
Easy
album:
"Bazooka Tooth"
(2003)
"Homemade Mummy" lyrics
"Homemade Mummy"
How to make a homemade mummy:
Get a corpse, get gauze, get comfy
Shampoo and disinfect dead fluffy
For the hallowed excavation of his x-marked tummy
Scalpel to stern, the butter cutter b-lines well
Tongs butterfly the unzipped feline shell
We'll be escorting vital organs
With exception of the precious kittens heart
Into the privacy of separate pickle jars
Or mayonnaise or jelly pick a card
Shit, pick a part and scissor
Stomach, lung, intestine or liver
In a world of sanitizers and preservatives forever
Brain exterminated through the whiskers (kiss & blow)
Ditched, I blank NY alone
We usher in the salts that call the husk home
Might embalm and stiffen and rid the fawn of all his liquids
Slather it in beeswax, wrap it up in ribbons
Like limb by limb, by tail by ear by chin
With the new hereafter I hereby win
I hope you vow to meow another day and never
Decompose, by the way before we seal these molds
The shorten version goes...
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Paper playgrounds, leave your harvest
Take the brain out...
Gadzooks, punk's dead, last good gut wrenched
Antennae sam cook, black book pushead
Cat skulls stacked to the black hole sunset
Olive on a toothpick, Dagwood Bumstead
Tagged-hoof hatchery, matter amass naturally
Bad wolf, dash for the last rook castling
Blue ox, red plaid bass pro flannel king
Hasbro crown, sour apple Abba-Zabba teeth
In poorly taken pictures antiquating on his mantlepiece
Before we only spoke in letters cut from magazines
Folk broke bear claws over gross coffee
Not as milquestoast men, as los muertos walking
Ergo the scarecrow in rare barley
Squared-off harpy to armchair: say a prayer for me
I feel that mystifying times have gotten ugly
I also feel that you could learn a lot from a mummy
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Major take down, eat your porridge
Take the brain out, leave the carcass
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Games to reign now, pleased to bargain
Take the brain out, leafed in garlic
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Fading halos, feeding herpes
Take the brain out, eager starlets
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out, leave the heart in
Take the brain out...
album:
"Skelethon"
(2012)
"Catacomb Kids" lyrics
"Catacomb Kids"
I was a dark, dumb student
No hooky rookie day trippin' on visions of chickens that look like R. Crumb drew 'em
They grew 'em in a royal dirt of Suffolk county's flooring with the blood of an alcoholic clergyman in his forearms
Long Island was porn stars and puppies pushin' sniffles
Fit into the aforementioned or slipped through the pinholes
'Zook slipped through the pinholes
Crispy the godsender who thunk over a quarter plunk to local Mortal Kom vender
Both the formal squad censor
Look down
Either side across the marsh before it was "Awesome cars!"
My calling card Calvary cooking an '85 Dodge Ares
Gas for Huntington and back, barely
Equipped with Super-Soakers full of piss and an uncanny knack for constantly upsetting pigs by doing stupid shit
The kid ... his ring king dummies to King Kullen, where he hollered "Fuck the world" from a parking lot in the suburbs
(What's this?)
A couple spray cans and a little litter but they'd look at us like swindlers with them Ricky Kasso jitters
So fuck 'em, a glutton sunk into the alley for props
But things will still go bump when them halogens pop
Believe
I'll be there when it happens
The shakin' of the plates off the mantle
The snakin' of the flames off the candle
The lady of the lake off the answers
Admitting the mistakes to their deplaning cadavers
Now it's "Rest in Peace" Will Peterson whose heater sung disturbingly to further re-evaluate your beast of burden's urgency
Damn, doggy
Good times, thanks
I wrote your name in wet cement by the corporate banks.
(What's this?)
I'm an activator
Made a fire, made a wheel, made a snack for later
Catacomb kids cuddle up fantastic labor
When the towns be freak sleep
Trap the traitor
He will ask for papers
(What's this?)
Say I'm an activator
Made a roof, made a weapon, made a flag per acre
By the snotty little nuzzle of a latch-key neighbor
